
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 163659                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   289080                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               88549079                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489388                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      680859                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1202640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       195392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              274944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9033988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    202222351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    530399346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              746346410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    202222351                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         202396082                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9033988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    202222351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    530399346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             746346410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           484                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2176.475788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              90                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.185950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          302.505310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.209869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.073255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.290364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.375793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    538.301335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1296.719866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.073854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.131421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.316582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.531366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2809                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          215                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          756                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1047                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4830                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1269                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1269                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  155                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2809                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          215                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          756                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1202                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4985                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2350                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3604                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4315                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5334683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120701312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241083787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      368908173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       785951                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       785951                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73675091                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73675091                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5334683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120701312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314758878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       442583264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5334683                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788391                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120701312                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314758878                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      442583264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1269                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1269                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              61                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          865                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              866                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.608493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.691787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.427318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.475410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.475410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.820809                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.821016                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.608493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.717973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.463978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.608493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.717973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.463978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100654.396226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105199.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102724.520851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102588.845532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102360.758324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27101.758621                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27101.758621                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103767.733803                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103621.787623                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100654.396226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105199.470588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102724.520851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102862.378431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102568.543221                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100654.396226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105199.470588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102724.520851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102862.378431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102568.543221                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  60                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       60                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           710                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5041483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1695591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114220854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    228064484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349022412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1392646                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1392646                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69781291                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69781291                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5041483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1695591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114220854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297845775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418803703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5041483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1695591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114220854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297845775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418803703                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073276                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.608493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.691787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426251                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.475410                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.475410                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.820809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.819861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.608493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.717973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.462903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.608493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.717973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.462903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95122.320755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99740.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97209.237447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97048.716596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97085.510987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48022.275862                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48022.275862                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98283.508451                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98283.508451                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95122.320755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99740.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97209.237447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97335.220588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97283.090128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95122.320755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99740.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97209.237447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97335.220588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97283.090128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1972.177360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           12.411388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.331374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    34.649901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.408438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    547.681310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1365.694978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              60                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   60                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2345                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3587                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                710                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3054                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4850183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1636394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110072206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220060993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      336619776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67255626                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67255626                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4850183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1636394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110072206                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287316619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       403875402                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4850183                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1636394                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110072206                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287316619                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      403875402                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              710                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.995283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.996059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.996059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93272.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96258.470588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94563.750859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93842.640938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93844.375802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94859.839210                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94726.233803                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93272.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96258.470588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94563.750859                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94078.788147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93990.086572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93272.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96258.470588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94563.750859                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94078.788147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93990.086572                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4123490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93728959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    187056971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286310618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57218874                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57218874                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4123490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93728959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244275845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    343529492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4123490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93728959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244275845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    343529492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.993741                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993741                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79297.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82423.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80523.160653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79768.431130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80019.736724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80703.630465                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80703.630465                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79297.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82423.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80523.160653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79985.541912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80132.841614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79297.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82423.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80523.160653                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79985.541912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80132.841614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1428                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               331.386639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   20308                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1428                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.221289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.242455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   331.144184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.646766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.647240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32100                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32118                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32100                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2277                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2278                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2277                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2278                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165745863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165745863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165745863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165745863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    165745863                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165745863                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72791.332016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72759.377963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72791.332016                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72759.377963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72791.332016                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72759.377963                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          346                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1931                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130636509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130636509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130636509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130636509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130636509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130636509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.056171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67652.257380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67652.257380                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67652.257380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67652.257380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67652.257380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67652.257380                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          223                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.614948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.995516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019268152000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.528012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.086936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.095501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.567934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.663434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1602                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1602                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1602                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          264                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          260                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          264                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4883321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4883321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4883321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4883321                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4883321                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4883321                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.139635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.141479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.139635                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.139635                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18782.003846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18497.428030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18782.003846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18497.428030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18782.003846                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18497.428030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4059718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4059718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4059718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4059718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4059718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4059718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.139635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.139635                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.139635                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15614.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15614.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15614.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15614.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15614.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15614.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2894                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.271153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.680719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019126262300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.671443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.599710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.891947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2167                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2170                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2167                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2170                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2939                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2944                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2939                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2944                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36087412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36087412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36087412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36087412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36087412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36087412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.575597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.575675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.575597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.575675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.575597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.575675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12278.806397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12257.952446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12278.806397                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12257.952446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12278.806397                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12257.952446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26962319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26962319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26962319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26962319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26962319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26962319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.575597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.575597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.575597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9173.977203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9173.977203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9173.977203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9173.977203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9173.977203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9173.977203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3752                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               455.171193                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   55734                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.854478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019363360300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.322038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   454.849156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.888377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.889006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44766                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44769                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21863                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21863                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66629                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66632                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8149                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8151                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          932                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          933                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9081                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9084                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    706936836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    706936836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81546046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81546046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    788482882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    788482882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    788482882                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    788482882                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.154002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.154025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040928                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86751.360412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86730.074347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87495.757511                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87401.978564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86827.759278                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86799.084324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86827.759278                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86799.084324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1254                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1254                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4758                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4758                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4323                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255827396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255827396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77801894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77801894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333629290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    333629290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333629290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    333629290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040491                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040490                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75243.351765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75243.351765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84292.409534                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84292.409534                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77175.408281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77175.408281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77175.408281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77175.408281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57282                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57282                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6533                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37282                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24081                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       160232                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                268690                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57282                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24081                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                84127                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          32211                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6967                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        484723                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2356                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34377                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2966                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             93                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       763433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.644148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          681353     89.25%     89.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8813      1.15%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5194      0.68%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3729      0.49%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5705      0.75%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5424      0.71%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5375      0.70%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3534      0.46%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44306      5.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       763433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051781                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242887                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          166995                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       492107                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74620                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4681                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         25028                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        473377                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            3                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         25028                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          176579                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         393916                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        66351                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69703                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31854                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        451245                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        19304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          156                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       539633                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1177411                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1177411                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       330063                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          209419                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2129                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75892                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        67352                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30710                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1851                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          932                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            425439                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2150                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           371679                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2538                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       145817                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       233210                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          673                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       763433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.208941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       612075     80.17%     80.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        57828      7.57%     87.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34861      4.57%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22403      2.93%     95.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16504      2.16%     97.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10631      1.39%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6550      0.86%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2199      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          382      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       763433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            793     34.18%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           815     35.13%     69.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          712     30.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3079      0.83%      0.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       280523     75.47%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.30% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        60049     16.16%     92.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        28028      7.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        371679                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335985                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2320                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006242                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1513127                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       573522                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       358123                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        370920                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4578                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23207                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           97                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          121                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7915                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          130                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         25028                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         355207                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3949                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       427589                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4462                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        67352                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30710                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2013                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           51                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          121                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         2024                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5799                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7823                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       363595                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57706                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8084                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               85078                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37314                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27372                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328678                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                359252                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               358123                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           248224                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           396106                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323731                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.626661                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       152699                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6858                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       738567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.371954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303322                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       648242     87.77%     87.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35389      4.79%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13501      1.83%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14619      1.98%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7086      0.96%     97.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3323      0.45%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2766      0.37%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2218      0.30%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11423      1.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       738567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       154409                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        274713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 66925                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44130                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30278                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           274335                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11423                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1153614                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             880142                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2274                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 342803                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             154409                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               274713                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       154409                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.164323                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.164323                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.139581                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.139581                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          725983                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         416421                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         169253                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.113044                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1113044399442                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6132811669047                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  51745                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    96658                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               67189788                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4656700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 16565.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   857198035                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1601206789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        24896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3534592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       163264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        50432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       982272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10709824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15465280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       982272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         982272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11468992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11468992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55228                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       167341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               241645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         179203                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              179203                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3175607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       146682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        45310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       882509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9622100                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               13894576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       882509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            882509                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10304164                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10304164                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10304164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3175607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       146682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        45310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       882509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9622100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              24198740                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   104169                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.464448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      54884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   104183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.526804                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020575325000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.113587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.350861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18686                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18686                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          7995                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             7995                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26681                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26681                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103823                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103850                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99523                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101251                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203346                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1082000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4593574283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4594656283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126657784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6703105000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6829762784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127739784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11296679283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11424419067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127739784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11296679283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11424419067                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107518                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925640                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.926817                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40074.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44244.283858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44243.199644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 73297.328704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67352.320569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67453.781039                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72786.201709                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55553.978357                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55701.430354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72786.201709                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55553.978357                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55701.430354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       418600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  35                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        11960                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56774                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56774                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       744700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3311301108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3312045808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105861000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5473994501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5579855501                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106605700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8785295609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8891901309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106605700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8785295609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8891901309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925640                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926817                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27581.481481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31893.714379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31892.593240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 61262.152778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55002.306010                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55109.139673                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60743.988604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43203.680471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43353.768675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60743.988604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43203.680471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43353.768675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27692811                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4048.305638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        61047618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27696851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.204136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  5024347639966                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          520.626288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.004013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    62.886152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.617478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2729.222808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    692.948899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.127106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.666314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.169177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17293386                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4483607                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24705256                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8087947                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               54570196                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8548742                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8548742                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       965951                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              965951                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1530725                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1530725                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17293386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4483607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24705256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9618672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                56100921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17293386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4483607                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24705256                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9618672                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               56100921                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       334505                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172039                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19094424                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6027124                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25628092                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54633                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54633                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1851399                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1851399                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       334505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19094424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7878523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27479491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       334505                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172039                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19094424                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7878523                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27479491                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7563168136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3742273636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421907944515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 151334850154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   584548236441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2257340082                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2257340082                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54623554871                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  54623554871                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7563168136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3742273636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421907944515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 205958405025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    639171791312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7563168136                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3742273636                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421907944515                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 205958405025                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   639171791312                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17627891                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4655646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43799680                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14115071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           80198288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8548742                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8548742                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1020584                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1020584                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3382124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3382124                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17627891                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4655646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43799680                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17497195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            83580412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17627891                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4655646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43799680                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17497195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           83580412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426999                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.319559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053531                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.053531                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.547407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.547407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435949                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.450273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.328779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435949                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.450273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.328779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22610.030152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21752.472614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22095.871785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25108.965761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22808.886297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41318.252375                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41318.252375                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29503.934522                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29503.934522                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22610.030152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21752.472614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22095.871785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26141.753350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23259.957447                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22610.030152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21752.472614                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22095.871785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26141.753350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23259.957447                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3819465                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3819465                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1701                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          869                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2571                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19094424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6027123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25625521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54633                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54633                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1851399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1851399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19094424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7878522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27476920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19094424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7878522                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27476920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5751454958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2793975122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313658257939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 118198053919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 440401741938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2884072776                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2884072776                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44212224564                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44212224564                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5751454958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2793975122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313658257939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162410278483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 484613966502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5751454958                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2793975122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313658257939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162410278483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 484613966502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10562341552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10562341552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15597923915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15597923915                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26160265467                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26160265467                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053531                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053531                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.547407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435949                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.450273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.328748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.435949                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.450273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328748                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17281.808386                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16322.808448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16426.693884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19611.024019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17186.060020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52789.939707                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52789.939707                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23880.440988                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23880.440988                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17281.808386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16322.808448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16426.693884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20614.307923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17637.128415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17281.808386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16322.808448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16426.693884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20614.307923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17637.128415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        186891                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32344.423103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29124171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        219358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        132.770043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18022.729067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.051542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   464.168459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   150.353933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5697.892507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8009.209387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.550010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.173886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.244422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330253                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170382                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19079068                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5875509                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25455212                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3819465                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3819465                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5008                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                5008                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1672840                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1672840                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19079068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7548349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27128052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       330253                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170382                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19079068                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7548349                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27128052                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          788                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15356                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       151614                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               170309                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        75878                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             75878                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       152306                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             152306                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       303920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                322615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          788                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15356                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       303920                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               322615                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    236582240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     73207208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1436444941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8962481307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10708715696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1882329888                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1882329888                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13685623493                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13685623493                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    236582240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     73207208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1436444941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22648104800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     24394339189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    236582240                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     73207208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1436444941                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22648104800                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    24394339189                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19094424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6027123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25625521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3819465                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3819465                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        80886                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           80886                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1825146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1825146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19094424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7852269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27450667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       332804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19094424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7852269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27450667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007665                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006646                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.938086                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.938086                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083449                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.083449                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007665                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.011753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.011753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92740.980008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92902.548223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93542.910979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59113.810776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62878.154977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24807.320804                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24807.320804                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89856.102143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89856.102143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92740.980008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92902.548223                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93542.910979                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74519.955251                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75614.398552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92740.980008                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92902.548223                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93542.910979                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74519.955251                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75614.398552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              122429                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   122429                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       151614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          170309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        75878                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        75878                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       152306                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        152306                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       303920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           322615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       303920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          322615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    200820339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62127951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1219890822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6826960767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8309799879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3909097765                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3909097765                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11508541923                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11508541923                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    200820339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62127951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1219890822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18335502690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19818341802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    200820339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62127951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1219890822                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18335502690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19818341802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9415708862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9415708862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13891139226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13891139226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23306848088                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23306848088                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.938086                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938086                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.083449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000804                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000804                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78722.202666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78842.577411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79440.663063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45028.564427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48792.488236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51518.197172                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51518.197172                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75561.973415                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75561.973415                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78722.202666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78842.577411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79440.663063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60330.029909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61430.317257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78722.202666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78842.577411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79440.663063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60330.029909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61430.317257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33316306                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         44925                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20413547                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12902759                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22463                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22463                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21913                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43799687                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               132177136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43800199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.017729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132160182                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      132160182                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132160182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       132160182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    132160182                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      132160182                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47911107                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     47911107                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47911107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      47911107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47911107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     47911107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1012603623218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1012603623218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1012603623218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1012603623218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1012603623218                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1012603623218                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180071289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    180071289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180071289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    180071289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180071289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    180071289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21135.049608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21135.049608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21135.049608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21135.049608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21135.049608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21135.049608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       336488                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        42061                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4111403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4111403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4111403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4111403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4111403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4111403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43799704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43799704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43799704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43799704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43799704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43799704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 787876265447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 787876265447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 787876265447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 787876265447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 787876265447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 787876265447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17988.164154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17988.164154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17988.164154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17988.164154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17988.164154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17988.164154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4658860                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995661                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4369609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4658876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.937911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4369044                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4369044                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4369044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4369044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4369044                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4369044                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4659587                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4659587                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4659587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4659587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4659587                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4659587                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78355460562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78355460562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78355460562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  78355460562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78355460562                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  78355460562                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9028631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9028631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9028631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9028631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9028631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9028631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.516090                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.516090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.516090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16815.966858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16815.966858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16815.966858                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16815.966858                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16815.966858                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16815.966858                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        25822                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        25822                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4659587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4659587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4659587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4659587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4659587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4659587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64086919115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64086919115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64086919115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  64086919115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64086919115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  64086919115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516090                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.516090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.516090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13753.776701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13753.776701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13753.776701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13753.776701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13753.776701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13753.776701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17632117                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985774                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       4968777                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17632133                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.281802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4968480                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4968480                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4968480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4968480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4968480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4968480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17643037                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17643037                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17643037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17643037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17643037                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17643037                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 288191923652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 288191923652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 288191923652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 288191923652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 288191923652                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 288191923652                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22611517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22611517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22611517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22611517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22611517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22611517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.780268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.780268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.780268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.780268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.780268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.780268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16334.598383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16334.598383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16334.598383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16334.598383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16334.598383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16334.598383                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        22205                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        22205                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17643037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17643037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17643037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17643037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17643037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17643037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 234373180576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 234373180576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 234373180576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 234373180576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 234373180576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 234373180576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.780268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.780268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.780268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.780268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.780268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.780268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13284.174407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13284.174407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13284.174407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13284.174407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13284.174407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13284.174407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17457171                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.754629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               280118886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17457682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 16.045594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.754629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180405527                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180405527                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98567617                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98567617                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278973144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278973144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278973144                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278973144                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21683666                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21683666                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4431660                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4431660                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26115326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26115326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26115326                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26115326                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 573066294265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 573066294265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114541002626                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114541002626                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 687607296891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 687607296891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 687607296891                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 687607296891                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202089193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    202089193                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102999277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102999277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    305088470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    305088470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    305088470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    305088470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043026                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26428.478204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26428.478204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25846.071816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25846.071816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26329.646312                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26329.646312                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26329.646312                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26329.646312                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8500716                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8500716                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7559216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7559216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        53857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        53857                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7613073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7613073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7613073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7613073                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14124450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14124450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4377803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4377803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18502253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18502253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18502253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18502253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 320018306932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 320018306932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98148885874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  98148885874                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 418167192806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 418167192806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 418167192806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 418167192806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11025377479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11025377479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16209228465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16209228465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27234605944                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27234605944                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042503                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042503                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22657.045544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22657.045544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22419.667096                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22419.667096                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22600.879623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22600.879623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22600.879623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22600.879623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3303345587                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       231812935                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    231812935                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42944728                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    197587468                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       103901386                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1488417736                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1057864661                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          231812935                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    103901386                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            329830853                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      156054652                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          84033860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     399115133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       756474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1950937                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        180071297                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30377075                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1189416                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2415689896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.819577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.262962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2094432134     86.70%     86.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        19925009      0.82%     87.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14652323      0.61%     88.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26592640      1.10%     89.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22769684      0.94%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27550854      1.14%     91.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19670329      0.81%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16794672      0.70%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       173302251      7.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2415689896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070175                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.320240                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1548834213                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    444108672                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        304836055                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6326109                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     111584847                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1918756347                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1060                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     111584847                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1569736162                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      144943453                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    254344317                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        289293819                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45787298                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1840192718                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       653182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7552086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29888510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       195346                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1998983810                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4575739033                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4575646581                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        92452                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1205021202                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       793962597                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6204624                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6233977                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        141526503                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    260000877                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    159473853                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16527608                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15256218                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1707701887                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8982842                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1542962718                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7923000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    572130757                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    764658997                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3289032                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2415689896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.638725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.412973                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1838612459     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    198254976      8.21%     84.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124716912      5.16%     89.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85217341      3.53%     93.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69961384      2.90%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49194802      2.04%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36531805      1.51%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10990217      0.45%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2210000      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2415689896                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4491636     42.23%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4051482     38.10%     80.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2091949     19.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18573955      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1146002164     74.27%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    236784950     15.35%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    141601649      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1542962718                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.467091                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10635067                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006893                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5526815102                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2289215286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1467145505                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        41723                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        26042                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20446                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1535002940                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20890                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23304362                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     95436647                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       505565                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       448948                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     56444436                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       203660                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     111584847                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       83536290                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1955813                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1716684729                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29244766                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    260000877                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    159473853                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7913241                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        953927                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        74681                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       448948                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14233637                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33833629                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48067266                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1496805938                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    225653396                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     46156780                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           361640239                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158211442                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135986843                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.453118                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1470047239                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1467165951                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        923189636                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1422880788                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.444145                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648817                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    631673777                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5693810                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43171764                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2305012077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.470694                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.423375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1947883988     84.51%     84.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128373102      5.57%     90.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57819318      2.51%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63221187      2.74%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33399809      1.45%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14991438      0.65%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12023110      0.52%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7815673      0.34%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39484452      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2305012077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586956614                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1084955712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267593643                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164564227                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             578425                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125588231                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1080379594                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39484452                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3980855200                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3545313427                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26176188                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              887655691                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            30872443                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586956614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1084955712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586956614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.627921                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.627921                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.177686                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.177686                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2865419627                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1578938816                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20446                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      704858341                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5340946                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2847510040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       513422717                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3364722797                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2847510040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2847510040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    358115739                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       365680175                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        355938755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81296583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           437472195                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51648221                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51829544                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2475402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       847686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        75462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2558307684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          461277841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3022990636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2558307684                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2558307684                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3381917                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3414250                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         321744343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            328540510                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3388479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5889652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       847686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        75462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2558307684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         783022184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3351531146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33316306                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        44925                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12902759                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20413547                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22463                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22463                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21788                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3342466704                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268839880                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   513764118                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           512051366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36659189                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  512051366                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1320488369                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        566605337                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   133162801                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81380470                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51782331                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2741581574.377796                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             600885129.622204                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.179773                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.820227                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
