
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64572                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   114668                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               36017800                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490092                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519663                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        922826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              284736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    434519750                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    225870785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              982306081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    434519750                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         435182128                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    434519750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    225870785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1289649319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.285864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046540000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.285864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.580367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.580367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       949000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247011824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    247011824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247960824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247960824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247960824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247960824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175434.534091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175434.534091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173399.177622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1803100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 160                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11269.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       669600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       669600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230046692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230046692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230716292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230716292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230716292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230716292                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30436.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30436.363636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163385.434659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163385.434659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161340.064336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1356                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1420.522564                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.899705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           92.739500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.207424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.705714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.031734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    19.258437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.768076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    985.165339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    313.646340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.022641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.240519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.076574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.346807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2325                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1426                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4115                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             511                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  511                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   55                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2325                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           78                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1426                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          338                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4170                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          790                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3300                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          335                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                338                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2445                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1125                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3638                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3453316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214607162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     75883046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      294431914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34198424                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34198424                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3453316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214607162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110081470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       328630338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3453316                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       488390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214607162                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    110081470                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      328630338                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          511                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              511                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          390                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              393                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.631620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.736253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.445044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.858974                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.860051                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.631620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.768968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.465932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.631620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.768968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.465932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78484.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61048.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87773.890389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96054.488608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89221.792121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102084.847761                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101178.769231                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78484.454545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61048.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87773.890389                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97850.195556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90332.693238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78484.454545                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 61048.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87773.890389                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97850.195556                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90332.693238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  97                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       97                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          335                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           335                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3214401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201018938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     71567579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276244204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32337839                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32337839                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3214401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201018938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103905418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    308582043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3214401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       443286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201018938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103905418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    308582043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3817611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3817611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7501878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7501878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11319489                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11319489                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.631620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.736253                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.858974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.852417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.631620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.768968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.463883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.093023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.631620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.768968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.463883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73054.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55410.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82216.334560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90591.872152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84041.437177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96530.862687                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96530.862687                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73054.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55410.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82216.334560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92360.371556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85196.588349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73054.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55410.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82216.334560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92360.371556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85196.588349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1758.523389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           18.276296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.843631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.747248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1256.769077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    443.887279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          477                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           97                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    592                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              97                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   97                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          477                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          100                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    595                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          693                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2708                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                334                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3042                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2888623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186805142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67461594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      257525445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31058010                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31058010                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2888623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186805142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98519604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       288583455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2888623                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186805142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98519604                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      288583455                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               97                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              337                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.681818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.804908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.877215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.820606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991018                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.991098                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.681818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.804908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.836404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.681818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.804908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.836404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96287.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94921.311992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97347.177489                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95098.022526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93830.845921                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92988.053892                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96287.433333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94921.311992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96210.550781                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94866.356016                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96287.433333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94921.311992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96210.550781                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94866.356016                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           331                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2472516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159131654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57811957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219729727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26324769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26324769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2472516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159131654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84136726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246054496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2472516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159131654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84136726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246054496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.681818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.804908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.877215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.816667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.681818                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.804908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.832004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.681818                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.804908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.911032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.832004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82417.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80859.580285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83422.737374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81532.366234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79531.024169                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79531.024169                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82417.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80859.580285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82164.771484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81313.448777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82417.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80859.580285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82164.771484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81313.448777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3361                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.257529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.209164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049746300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.960253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.895034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21028                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21045                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21028                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21045                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4560                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4563                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4560                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4563                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299296500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299296500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299296500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    299296500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299296500                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    299296500                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.178209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.178187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.178209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.178187                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.178209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.178187                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65635.197368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65592.044707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65635.197368                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65592.044707                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65635.197368                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65592.044707                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234238970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234238970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234238970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234238970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234238970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234238970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151282                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.151282                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60511.229656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60511.229656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60511.229656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60511.229656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60511.229656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60511.229656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           82                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.086059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           82                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.536585                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.339757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.746301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          674                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          674                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          674                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          674                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           93                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1642828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1642828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1642828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1642828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1642828                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1642828                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          767                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.113158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.121252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.113158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.113158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19102.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17664.817204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19102.651163                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17664.817204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19102.651163                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17664.817204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1372189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1372189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1372189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1372189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1372189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1372189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.113158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.113158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.113158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15955.686047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15955.686047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15955.686047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15955.686047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15955.686047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15955.686047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2360                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.109745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.102542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.019108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          321                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          321                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          321                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          321                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2370                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2376                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2370                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2376                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30196220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30196220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30196220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30196220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30196220                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30196220                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.880979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.880979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12741.021097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12708.846801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12741.021097                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12708.846801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12741.021097                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12708.846801                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22886674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22886674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22886674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22886674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22886674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22886674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.878754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9656.824473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9656.824473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9656.824473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9656.824473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9656.824473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9656.824473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   953                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               419.155278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   21059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   953                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.097587                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083130037300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   416.155349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.812803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.818663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27381                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27382                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16212                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16216                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43598                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43593                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43598                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1847                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1847                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          422                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2266                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2269                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    143476058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143476058                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38121367                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38121367                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    181597425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    181597425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    181597425                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    181597425                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16631                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16638                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025194                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77680.594478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77680.594478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90981.782816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90334.992891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80140.081642                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80034.122962                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80140.081642                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80034.122962                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          511                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              511                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          787                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          787                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81657483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81657483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35531600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35531600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117189083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117189083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117189083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117189083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3986806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3986806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7787487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7787487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11774293                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11774293                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024412                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024402                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76102.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76102.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87516.256158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87516.256158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79235.350237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79235.350237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79235.350237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79235.350237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772402                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38122                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38122                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6143                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        28981                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           14965                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172983                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                184162                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38122                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        14965                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                53940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              3222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        157148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           11                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1466                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25588                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3800                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             23                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       406425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.837586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.306038                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          353593     87.00%     87.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2495      0.61%     87.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1926      0.47%     88.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2845      0.70%     88.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3871      0.95%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3786      0.93%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5064      1.25%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2024      0.50%     92.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30821      7.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       406425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049355                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.238428                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          170841                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       166928                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2372                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17655                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        327410                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17655                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          175059                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         103127                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52218                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46749                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11612                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        311321                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8007                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       341377                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       769683                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       769593                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212059                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          129318                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          982                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          982                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29607                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        39808                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24873                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2048                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1114                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            289075                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1620                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           259141                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1403                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        93719                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       134815                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          805                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       406425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.637611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.412960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       310526     76.40%     76.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31796      7.82%     84.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        19997      4.92%     89.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16306      4.01%     93.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11333      2.79%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8593      2.11%     98.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5426      1.34%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2004      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          444      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       406425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            503     39.20%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           414     32.27%     71.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          366     28.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2899      1.12%      1.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199198     76.87%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35428     13.67%     91.66% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21606      8.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        259141                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335500                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1283                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004951                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       928249                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       384512                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       246705                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        257511                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4259                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14583                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8196                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17655                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          90981                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          663                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       290695                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4779                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        39808                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24873                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1217                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           225                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           94                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1131                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6277                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7408                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       251595                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33560                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7546                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54201                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25521                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20641                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.325731                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                247623                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               246714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           160116                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           250933                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.319411                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.638083                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       101769                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          815                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6347                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       388830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.485896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.408864                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       323493     83.20%     83.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24357      6.26%     89.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12399      3.19%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10015      2.58%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5976      1.54%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3025      0.78%     97.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1684      0.43%     97.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2450      0.63%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5431      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       388830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       103929                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        188931                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41902                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25225                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20598                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187093                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5431                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              673971                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             599183                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2491                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 365977                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               98024                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             103929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               188931                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       103929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.432016                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.432016                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134553                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134553                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          483936                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         268370                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         109940                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           661                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.004987                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60004987002945                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65088494627724                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  40195                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    79675                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            19827628713                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4538856                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3026.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   121643727                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     241122526                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1922752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            49600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        16768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       572224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2662720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             5230272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       572224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         572224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2484160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2484160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        41605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                81723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          279                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         9536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        44375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                  87164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         9536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              9536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            41399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 41399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            41399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         9536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        44375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                128563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    38020                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.896031                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         40                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    38035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.139281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.756750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.008705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.922297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        17088                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           20250                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          29300                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         18740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    491028664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1965520983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2456549647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4853124544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    101163000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4954287544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5344153208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   2066683983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7410837191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5344153208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   2066683983                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7410837191                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         20257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          49557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         49557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 155290.532574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115023.465765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121311.093679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175532.571759                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 61236.682809                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169088.312082                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173455.151185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110281.962807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149562.809102                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173455.151185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 110281.962807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149562.809102                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     64253120                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                6563                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9790.205699                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28345                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28345                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    452724084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1759232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2211956084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4519879900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     80715600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4600595500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4972603984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1839947600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6812551584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4972603984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1839947600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6812551584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143176.497154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102951.310861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109232.399210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163479.452402                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 48859.322034                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157016.911263                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161395.780071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98182.902882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137488.427528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161395.780071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 98182.902882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137488.427528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          432                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1769472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          432                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        285094                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2622.879310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2089707                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        287720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          7.262988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          546.270852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    41.423255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.954321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1243.872141                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    784.358734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.133367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.303680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.191494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.640351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       669655                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24460                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1021470                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       176646                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1892231                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          238287                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               238287                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15249                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               15249                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        68768                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                68768                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       669655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1021470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       245414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1960999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       669655                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24460                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1021470                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       245414                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1960999                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4101                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          963                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       132775                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       104237                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               242076                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8176                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8176                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        41129                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              41129                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       132775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       145366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                283205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          963                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       132775                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       145366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               283205                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    109379593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     28445786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3581306088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4678881364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     8398012831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97072998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     97072998                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2757513536                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2757513536                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    109379593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     28445786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3581306088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7436394900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     11155526367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    109379593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     28445786                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3581306088                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7436394900                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    11155526367                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       673756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1154245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       280883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2134307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       238287                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           238287                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23425                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           23425                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       109897                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           109897                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       673756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1154245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       390780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             2244204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       673756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1154245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       390780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            2244204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.115032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.371105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.113421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.349029                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.349029                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.374250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.374250                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.115032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.371989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.126194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.115032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.371989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.126194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26671.444282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29538.718588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26972.744026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44886.953423                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34691.637465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11872.920499                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11872.920499                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67045.479734                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67045.479734                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26671.444282                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29538.718588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26972.744026                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51156.356369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39390.287484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26671.444282                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29538.718588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26972.744026                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51156.356369                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39390.287484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               78142                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    78142                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       132773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       104231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          242065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8176                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8176                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        41129                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         41129                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       132773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       145360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           283194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4099                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       132773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       145360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          283194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     87366072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23212503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2824969523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4102528597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7038076695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    709131561                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709131561                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2524394344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2524394344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     87366072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23212503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2824969523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6626922941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9562471039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     87366072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     23212503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2824969523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6626922941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9562471039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    856117029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    856117029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2626242809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2626242809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3482359838                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3482359838                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037840                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.115030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.371083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.349029                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349029                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.374250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037840                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.115030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.371974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.126189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037840                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.115030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.371974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21313.996585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24129.420998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21276.686698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39359.965816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29075.152108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86733.312255                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86733.312255                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61377.479248                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61377.479248                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21313.996585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24129.420998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21276.686698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45589.728543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33766.502959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21313.996585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24129.420998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21276.686698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45589.728543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33766.502959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         24356                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32403.044497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          266809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         56893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.689663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         9597.157509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.578833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        5.076456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   221.739452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    69.670860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   7714.419295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14790.401996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.292882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.235425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.451367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.988862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3837                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          865                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       123831                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        75106                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 203639                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           78142                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                78142                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          225                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 225                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17632                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                17632                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       123831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        92738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  221271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3837                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          865                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       123831                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        92738                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 221271                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          262                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8942                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29125                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                38426                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16593                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16593                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14855                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              14855                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        43980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 53281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          262                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8942                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        43980                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                53281                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24519392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9038897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    837150031                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2631251474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3501959794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     51560159                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     51560159                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1379998917                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1379998917                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24519392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9038897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    837150031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4011250391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4881958711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24519392                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9038897                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    837150031                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4011250391                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4881958711                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4099                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       132773                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       104231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             242065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        78142                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            78142                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16818                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           16818                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        32487                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            32487                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4099                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       132773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       136718                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              274552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4099                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       132773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       136718                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             274552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.063918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.279427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.158742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986621                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.986621                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.457260                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.457260                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.063918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.321684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.194065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.063918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.321684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.194065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93585.465649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93184.505155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93619.998994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90343.398249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91135.163535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  3107.344000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3107.344000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92897.941232                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92897.941232                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93585.465649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93184.505155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93619.998994                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91206.238995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91626.634466                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93585.465649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93184.505155                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93619.998994                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91206.238995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91626.634466                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               10470                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    10470                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16593                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16593                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14855                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         14855                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            53281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           53281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20852926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7679049                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    711143183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2218573415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2958248573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1251404721                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1251404721                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1165985472                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165985472                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20852926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7679049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    711143183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3384558887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4124234045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20852926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7679049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    711143183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3384558887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4124234045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    764547148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    764547148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2302957700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2302957700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3067504848                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3067504848                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.063918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.279427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986621                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986621                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.457260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.063918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.321684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.194065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.063918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.067348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.321684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.194065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79591.320611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79165.453608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79528.425744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76174.194506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76985.597590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75417.629181                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75417.629181                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78491.112218                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78491.112218                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79591.320611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79165.453608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79528.425744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76956.773238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77405.342336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79591.320611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79165.453608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79528.425744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76956.773238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77405.342336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1005819                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        39444                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        791                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         82                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     8                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                   777                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       873                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1045263                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   134098                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5259                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             13                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              1                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                1687                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1154246                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               512.000000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                13781497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1154758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.934533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   512.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13773083                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       13773083                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13773083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        13773083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13773083                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       13773083                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1216907                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1216907                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1216907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1216907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1216907                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1216907                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16850946734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16850946734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16850946734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  16850946734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16850946734                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  16850946734                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14989990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14989990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14989990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     14989990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14989990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     14989990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13847.357879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13847.357879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13847.357879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13847.357879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13847.357879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13847.357879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       279890                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39984.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        62658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        62658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        62658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        62658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        62658                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        62658                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1154249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1154249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1154249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1154249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1154249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1154249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11882053863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11882053863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11882053863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11882053863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11882053863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11882053863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10294.185971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10294.185971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10294.185971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10294.185971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10294.185971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10294.185971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        25460                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         11874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        25476                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.466086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083927583300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11480                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        11480                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        11480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        11480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        11480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25662                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        25662                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        25662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25662                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        25662                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    417560910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    417560910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    417560910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    417560910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    417560910                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    417560910                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        37142                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        37142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        37142                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.690916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.690916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.690916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.690916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.690916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.690916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16271.565350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16271.565350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16271.565350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16271.565350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16271.565350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16271.565350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           44                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           44                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        25662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        25662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    338099632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    338099632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    338099632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    338099632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    338099632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    338099632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.690916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.690916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.690916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.690916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.690916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.690916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13175.108409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13175.108409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13175.108409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13175.108409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13175.108409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13175.108409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       673972                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         40522                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       673988                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.060123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40199                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        40199                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        40199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        40199                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        40199                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674215                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       674215                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       674215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674215                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       674215                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7774973682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7774973682                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7774973682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7774973682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7774973682                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7774973682                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       714414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       714414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       714414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       714414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       714414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       714414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.943732                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.943732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.943732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11531.890691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11531.890691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11531.890691                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11531.890691                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11531.890691                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11531.890691                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           49                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           49                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       674215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       674215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       674215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5712997056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5712997056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5712997056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5712997056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5712997056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5712997056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.943732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8473.553771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8473.553771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8473.553771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8473.553771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8473.553771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8473.553771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                389835                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                28163393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                390347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 72.149634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.000116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16854767                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       16854767                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11256977                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      11256977                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28111744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        28111744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28111744                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       28111744                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       630264                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       630264                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       133916                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       133916                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       764180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        764180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       764180                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       764180                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26983905525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26983905525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4860401455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4860401455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31844306980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31844306980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31844306980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31844306980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17485031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17485031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11390893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11390893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28875924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     28875924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28875924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28875924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011756                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.026464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.026464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42813.655111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42813.655111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36294.404365                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36294.404365                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41671.212254                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41671.212254                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41671.212254                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41671.212254                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       238194                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           238194                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       349037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       349037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       350397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       350397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       350397                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       350397                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       281227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       281227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       132556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       132556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       413783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       413783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       413783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       413783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7359054007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7359054007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4311888440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4311888440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11670942447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11670942447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11670942447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11670942447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    892837907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    892837907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2741992110                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2741992110                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3634830017                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3634830017                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011637                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011637                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26167.665292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26167.665292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32528.806240                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32528.806240                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28205.466264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28205.466264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28205.466264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28205.466264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               165817577                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        19270415                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19270415                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2146570                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15132431                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        10976640                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     68739499                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              87322279                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           19270415                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     10976640                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             30611001                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        6943489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            252087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      48193663                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       220707                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        27476                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          158                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         14989996                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1189102                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes           8455                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    152735106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.156659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.594406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       122697508     80.33%     80.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3230043      2.11%     82.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1433379      0.94%     83.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2119253      1.39%     84.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2114766      1.38%     86.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         2219592      1.45%     87.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         2408094      1.58%     89.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1897518      1.24%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14614953      9.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    152735106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.116215                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.526617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        67730913                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     50990560                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         28792035                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       531083                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       4690515                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     173275569                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            6                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       4690515                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        69772112                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       18111052                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     28901567                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         27277187                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      3982673                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     168295877                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        17154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       1020387                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1739241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        24038                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    186697207                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    417005830                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    406564771                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10441059                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    147750287                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        38947038                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1038480                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1068060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         12702359                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21355164                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13361494                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1220944                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       583129                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         157387486                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1204787                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        149809799                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       220613                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24440248                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34333299                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       302015                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    152735106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.980847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.635307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     96506350     63.19%     63.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18444564     12.08%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12627604      8.27%     83.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9455617      6.19%     89.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6680017      4.37%     94.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4714024      3.09%     97.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2997940      1.96%     99.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1006572      0.66%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       302418      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    152735106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         320401     37.24%     37.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         3813      0.44%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        331843     38.57%     76.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       204212     23.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      2141717      1.43%      1.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111687581     74.55%     75.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3107753      2.07%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20306796     13.56%     91.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12565952      8.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     149809799                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.903462                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             860269                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005742                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    446243378                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    177935465                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    142659491                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7417239                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5108374                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3625238                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     144820707                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3707644                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2311260                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3576125                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        30454                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        16121                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1984269                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21086                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       4690515                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       15413083                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       168406                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    158592273                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2756331                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21355164                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13361494                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1123741                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         82142                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         9061                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        16121                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       958008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1377599                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2335607                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    147361189                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19805769                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2448610                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            32192318                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        15151254                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12386549                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.888695                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             146497349                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            146284729                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         96340876                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        156855766                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.882203                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.614200                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     26303838                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       902772                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2148120                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    148117948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.891577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.835775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    103857611     70.12%     70.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15141771     10.22%     80.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9054121      6.11%     86.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7463539      5.04%     91.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3641968      2.46%     93.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1872777      1.26%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1409852      0.95%     96.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1383435      0.93%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4292874      2.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    148117948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     66269143                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     132058536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29156279                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17779050                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              55262                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          13870395                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           3112457                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        128959251                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4292874                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           301885043                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          321451300                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 568264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               13082471                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        180028133333                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           66269143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            132058536                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     66269143                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.502184                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.502184                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.399651                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.399651                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       290601544                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      157489594                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6336169                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3317359                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       63912928                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1017133                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           53540                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        82760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       572614800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       114878314                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          687791230                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    572614800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     572614800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1019915                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     74053690                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        76888133                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             1557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        10345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         71576850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         16180661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            87777544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           16996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         9734364                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            9779712                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            9542787                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            1914479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              11462234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       9542787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          9542787                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             16997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1234126                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              1281362                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             17889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           9542787                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           3148605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             12743597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       39444                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1005819                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        82                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       791                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                  777                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      873                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1045263                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5259                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  134098                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             1                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            13                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                914                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180195155378                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  54311808                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   107183852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           106717410                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                16541                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6480921                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  106717410                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       16541                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         266409697                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        119293274                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              26876                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             13621                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    25957964                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  16194692                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  9763272                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             180070686976.597656                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             124468401.402330                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.000691                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.999309                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
