
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  95018                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   168733                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               53002160                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490172                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519641                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        922783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              285120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6844569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    435623713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    225870785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              983630837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    435623713                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         436286091                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6844569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    435623713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    225870785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1290974074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.182398                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083048443000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.182398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.573900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.573900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247738824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    247738824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248681824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    248681824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248681824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    248681824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42863.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42863.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175950.869318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175950.869318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173903.373427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173903.373427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173903.373427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173903.373427                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1734400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10977.215190                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       663600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       663600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230773100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230773100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231436700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231436700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231436700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231436700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30163.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30163.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163901.349432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163901.349432                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161843.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161843.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161843.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161843.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           152                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1807.225238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              65                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.427632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          114.761841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.010106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.734136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1228.902407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    424.816891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.028018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.300025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.103715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.441217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2383                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2313                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          570                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5361                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             627                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  627                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   81                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2383                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2313                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          651                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5442                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          704                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2750                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3082                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3248750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205743026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     74146772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      283552302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33880457                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33880457                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3248750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205743026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108027229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       317432759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3248750                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       413754                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205743026                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108027229                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      317432759                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          627                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              627                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          410                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              413                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.339046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.803874                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.361567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.361567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104798.387097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103438.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102974.487487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105322.119318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103109.928000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102980.112462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102049.569277                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104798.387097                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103438.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102974.487487                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104576.213940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102995.703764                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104798.387097                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103438.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102974.487487                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104576.213940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102995.703764                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3079050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194707819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70305528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    268484051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       189246                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       189246                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32052457                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32052457                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3079050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194707819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102357985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    300536508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3079050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       391654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194707819                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102357985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    300536508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3817324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3817324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7503772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7503772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11321096                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11321096                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463466                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.796610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.359690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.041667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.463466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99324.193548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97913.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97451.360861                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99865.806818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98094.282426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94623                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94623                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97423.881459                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97423.881459                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99324.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97913.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97451.360861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99088.078412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98022.344423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99324.193548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97913.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97451.360861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99088.078412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98022.344423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1739.119818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.812245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.193039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.734331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1253.340760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    444.039586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     35                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     35                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          694                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2715                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1023                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3047                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2971904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187640655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67708385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      258698398                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30949557                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30949557                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2971904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187640655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98657942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       289647955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2971904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       377454                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187640655                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98657942                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      289647955                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              332                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.987273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.988644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.988644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95867.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94363.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95104.234668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97562.514409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95284.861142                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94071.601824                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93221.557229                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95867.870968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94363.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95104.234668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96439.826002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95060.044306                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95867.870968                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94363.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95104.234668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96439.826002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95060.044306                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           329                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2540811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159896082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     58052577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220810670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26247162                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26247162                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2540811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159896082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84299739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247057832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2540811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       321200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159896082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84299739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247057832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.985795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.983452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.987487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81961.645161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81042.109478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83649.246398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81721.195411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79778.607903                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79778.607903                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81961.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81042.109478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82404.436950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81510.337182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81961.645161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        80300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81042.109478                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82404.436950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81510.337182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3802                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               436.629102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   16770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  4.410836                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083164103000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.367154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.261949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.852074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.852791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20825                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          20842                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           20842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        20825                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          20842                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5005                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         5008                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          5008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5005                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         5008                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299720411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299720411                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299720411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    299720411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299720411                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    299720411                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.193767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.193733                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.193767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.193733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.193767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.193733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59884.198002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59848.324880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59884.198002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59848.324880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 59884.198002                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59848.324880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          694                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233560823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233560823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233560823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233560823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233560823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233560823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.166899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54177.875899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54177.875899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54177.875899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54177.875899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 54177.875899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54177.875899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           92                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.070083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           92                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.565217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.344491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.725592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.084031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.545349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.629380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          239                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          103                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          103                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          103                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1856825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1856825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1856825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1856825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1856825                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1856825                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.301170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.301170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.301170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19341.927083                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18027.427184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19341.927083                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18027.427184                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19341.927083                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18027.427184                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1559394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1559394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1559394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1559394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1559394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1559394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16243.687500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16243.687500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16243.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16243.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16243.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16243.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2405                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.099976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2405                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.098545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.009042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          314                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          314                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          314                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          314                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2421                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2421                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33467211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33467211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33467211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     33467211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33467211                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     33467211                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.885192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.885192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.885192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13858.058385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13823.713755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13858.058385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13823.713755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13858.058385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13823.713755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26058969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26058969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26058969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26058969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26058969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26058969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882998                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882998                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10790.463354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10790.463354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10790.463354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10790.463354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10790.463354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10790.463354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1192                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               369.790937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   28233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.685403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.900717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   368.890221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.720489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.722248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27498                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27499                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16197                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16201                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43695                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43700                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2140                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2140                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          428                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          431                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2568                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2571                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147389104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147389104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38208303                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38208303                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    185597407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    185597407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    185597407                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    185597407                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16625                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025744                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025914                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68873.413084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68873.413084                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89271.735981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88650.354988                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72273.133567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72188.800856                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72273.133567                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72188.800856                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          627                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              627                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          880                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82935099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82935099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35581708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35581708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118516807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118516807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118516807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118516807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7791758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7791758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11779560                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11779560                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024902                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024892                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65098.193878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65098.193878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85946.154589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85946.154589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70211.378555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70211.378555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70211.378555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70211.378555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772740                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38229                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38229                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6230                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29058                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15190                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       178877                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                184562                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38229                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15190                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54211                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1691                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        158172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           25                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          429                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25830                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3961                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             33                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       411293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.829598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.295032                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          358215     87.09%     87.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2538      0.62%     87.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1956      0.48%     88.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2909      0.71%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3932      0.96%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3795      0.92%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5125      1.25%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2006      0.49%     92.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30817      7.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       411293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049472                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.238841                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          174583                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       167628                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48810                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2378                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17888                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        328742                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17888                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          178805                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        49133                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46916                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        313018                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8092                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       342810                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       775003                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       774913                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       211996                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          130814                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          969                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          971                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30034                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40346                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25260                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2247                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1227                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            291948                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           261148                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1422                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        96630                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       138690                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          796                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       411293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.634944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.406903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       314223     76.40%     76.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        32212      7.83%     84.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20601      5.01%     89.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16416      3.99%     93.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11389      2.77%     96.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8669      2.11%     98.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5340      1.30%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1999      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          444      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       411293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            524     40.37%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           407     31.36%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          367     28.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2868      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       200598     76.81%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.91% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.92% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35824     13.72%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21848      8.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        261148                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337951                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1298                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004970                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       937177                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       390288                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       248839                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        259564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4255                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15135                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8589                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           41                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17888                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94597                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          694                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       293558                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4458                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40346                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25260                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1202                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           251                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           94                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1161                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6170                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7331                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       253722                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33967                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7426                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54845                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25667                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20878                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328341                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                249548                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               248848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           161530                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           253223                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322033                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637896                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       104680                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          814                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6287                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       393465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.399316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       327942     83.35%     83.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24448      6.21%     89.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12550      3.19%     92.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10059      2.56%     95.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5938      1.51%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         2994      0.76%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1683      0.43%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2465      0.63%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5386      1.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       393465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       103907                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        188888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41882                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25211                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20597                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187048                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5386                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              681519                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             605155                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2663                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 361447                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97691                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             103907                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               188888                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       103907                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.436843                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.436843                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134466                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134466                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          487551                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         270366                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         111171                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           660                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.004987                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60004987002945                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65088494627724                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  62050                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   122994                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            30603615213                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4538764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1960.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   121662103                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     241155874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1922752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            49600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        17024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       573440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      2659904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             5229056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       573440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         573440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2472768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2472768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        41561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                81704                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38637                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38637                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         9557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        44328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                  87144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         9557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              9557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            41209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 41209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            41209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         9557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        44328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                128353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    38020                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.898716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         40                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    38035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.130754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.767962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.008172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.922998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 7                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  7                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 7                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        17088                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           20250                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          29300                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         18740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    491919664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1958971268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2450890932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4851795544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    101131000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4952926544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5343715208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   2060102268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7403817476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5343715208                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   2060102268                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7403817476                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         20257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          49557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         49557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 155572.316256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 114640.172519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121031.650963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175484.503183                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 61217.312349                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169041.861570                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173440.935021                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109930.750694                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149421.139778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173440.935021                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109930.750694                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149421.139778                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     64095436                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                6571                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9754.289454                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28346                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28346                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        17088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        30810                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        18740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    453627800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1752834500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2206462300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4518550284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     80694600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4599244884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4972178084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1833529100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6805707184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4972178084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1833529100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6805707184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143462.302340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 102576.925328                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108961.101235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163431.361545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 48846.610169                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156970.815154                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161381.956637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97840.400213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137350.296347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161381.956637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97840.400213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137350.296347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          432                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1769472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          432                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        150790                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3985.573804                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2327590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        154798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         15.036305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          926.124953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    59.848488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    19.095886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1630.388416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1350.115703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.226105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.398044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.329618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.973040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671923                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23476                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1123437                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       245408                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                2064244                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          277110                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               277110                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         9323                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                9323                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        79317                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                79317                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1123437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       324725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 2143561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       671923                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        23476                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1123437                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       324725                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                2143561                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2658                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          775                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        51242                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        73573                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               128248                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8836                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8836                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        30927                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              30927                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        51242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       104500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                159175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2658                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          775                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        51242                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       104500                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               159175                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     78095572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24534089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1852791857                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3964855958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5920277476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129306921                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    129306921                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2473335631                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2473335631                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     78095572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24534089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1852791857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6438191589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      8393613107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     78095572                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     24534089                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1852791857                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6438191589                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     8393613107                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1174679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       318981                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2192492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       277110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           277110                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18159                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18159                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       110244                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           110244                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1174679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       429225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             2302736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       674581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1174679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       429225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            2302736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230650                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.058494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.486591                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.486591                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.280532                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.280532                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031957                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.069124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031957                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.069124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29381.328819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31656.889032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36157.680360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53890.094980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46162.727497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14634.101517                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14634.101517                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79973.344683                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79973.344683                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29381.328819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31656.889032                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36157.680360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61609.488890                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52731.981197                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29381.328819                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31656.889032                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 36157.680360                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61609.488890                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52731.981197                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks               50855                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                    50855                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        51241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          128246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8836                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8836                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        30927                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         30927                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        51241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       104500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           159173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          775                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        51241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       104500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          159173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63846772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20347540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1563339158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3558041107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5205574577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    784532592                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    784532592                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2299057731                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2299057731                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63846772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20347540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1563339158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5857098838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7504632308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     63846772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20347540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1563339158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5857098838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7504632308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    860078455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    860078455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2632754621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2632754621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3492833076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3492833076                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.486591                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486591                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.280532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.280532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043621                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.069123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.043621                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.243462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24029.646970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26254.890323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30509.536465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48360.690838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40590.541436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88788.206428                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88788.206428                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74338.207101                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74338.207101                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24029.646970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26254.890323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30509.536465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56048.792708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47147.646322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 24029.646970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 26254.890323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30509.536465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56048.792708                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47147.646322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         24213                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32450.946362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          125147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         56814                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.202749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         9540.447979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.000135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.704128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.000111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   219.158976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    73.639521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   7696.939541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14913.055970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.291151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.234892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.455110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.990324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2391                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          676                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        42280                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44481                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                  89828                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks           50855                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                50855                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           73                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  73                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                 8257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        42280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        52738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                   98085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2391                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          676                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        42280                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        52738                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                  98085                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          266                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29092                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                38418                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17160                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17160                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14273                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              14273                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        43365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 52691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          266                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8961                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        43365                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                52691                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24962235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9228366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    838543271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2627810518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3500544390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36050638                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     36050638                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1325955082                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1325955082                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24962235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9228366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    838543271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3953765600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4826499472                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24962235                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9228366                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    838543271                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3953765600                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4826499472                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        51241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        73573                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             128246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        50855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total            50855                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17233                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17233                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22530                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            22530                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        51241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        96103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              150776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        51241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        96103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             150776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.100113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.127742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.395417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.299565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995764                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.995764                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.633511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.633511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.100113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.127742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.349465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.100113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.127742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.349465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93842.988722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93215.818182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93576.974780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90327.599271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91117.298922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2100.853030                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2100.853030                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92899.536327                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92899.536327                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93842.988722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93215.818182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93576.974780                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91174.117376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91600.073485                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93842.988722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93215.818182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93576.974780                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91174.117376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91600.073485                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               10291                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    10291                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17160                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17160                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        14273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         14273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            52691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           52691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21237599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7840699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    712256747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2216686724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2958021769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1295909551                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1295909551                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1120460444                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1120460444                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21237599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7840699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    712256747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3337147168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4078482213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21237599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7840699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    712256747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3337147168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4078482213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    768289237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    768289237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2309145639                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2309145639                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3077434876                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3077434876                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.100113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.127742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.395417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995764                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995764                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.633511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.100113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.127742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.349465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.100113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.127742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.451235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79840.597744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79198.979798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79484.069523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76195.748797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76995.725155                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75519.204604                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75519.204604                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78502.097947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78502.097947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79840.597744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79198.979798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79484.069523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76954.852254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77403.773187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79840.597744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79198.979798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79484.069523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76954.852254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77403.773187                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1005819                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        39444                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        791                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         82                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     8                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                   777                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       873                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1045263                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   134098                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5259                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             13                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              1                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                1687                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1174679                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.996666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                13859696                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1175191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.793569                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.996666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13853896                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       13853896                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13853896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        13853896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13853896                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       13853896                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1227914                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1227914                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1227914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1227914                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1227914                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1227914                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16049025843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16049025843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16049025843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  16049025843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  16049025843                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  16049025843                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15081810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     15081810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15081810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     15081810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15081810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     15081810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.081417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.081417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13070.154622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13070.154622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13070.154622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13070.154622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13070.154622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13070.154622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       265215                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 37887.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        53228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        53228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        53228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        53228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        53228                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        53228                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1174686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1174686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1174686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1174686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1174686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1174686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11161458742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11161458742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11161458742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11161458742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  11161458742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11161458742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.077888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9501.652988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9501.652988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9501.652988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9501.652988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  9501.652988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9501.652988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        24299                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         11004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        24315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.452560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083929005300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10691                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        10691                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        10691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        10691                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        10691                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24501                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        24501                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        24501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24501                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        24501                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    425208828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    425208828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    425208828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    425208828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    425208828                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    425208828                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        35192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        35192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        35192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.696209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.696209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.696209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.696209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.696209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.696209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17354.754010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17354.754010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17354.754010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17354.754010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17354.754010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17354.754010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           75                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    349795859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349795859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    349795859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    349795859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    349795859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    349795859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.696209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.696209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.696209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14276.799273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14276.799273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14276.799273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14276.799273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14276.799273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14276.799273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       674820                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         40177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       674836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.059536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        39835                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        39835                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        39835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        39835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        39835                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        39835                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675063                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       675063                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       675063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675063                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       675063                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8011427066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8011427066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8011427066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   8011427066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8011427066                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   8011427066                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       714898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       714898                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       714898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       714898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       714898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       714898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.944279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.944279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.944279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11867.673189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11867.673189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11867.673189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11867.673189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11867.673189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11867.673189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           68                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       675063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       675063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       675063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       675063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5947448498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5947448498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5947448498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5947448498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5947448498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5947448498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.944279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8810.212525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8810.212525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8810.212525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8810.212525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8810.212525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8810.212525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                428305                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.633434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                28153042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                428817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 65.652812                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.633434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16865002                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       16865002                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11263279                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      11263279                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28128281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        28128281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28128281                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       28128281                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       683812                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       683812                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       129685                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       129685                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       813497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        813497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       813497                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       813497                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26727172035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26727172035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4709592718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4709592718                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31436764753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31436764753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31436764753                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31436764753                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17548814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17548814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11392964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     11392964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28941778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     28941778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28941778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28941778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011383                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.011383                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.028108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39085.555730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39085.555730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36315.631862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36315.631862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38643.983632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38643.983632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38643.983632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38643.983632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       276967                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           276967                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       364282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       364282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2251                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       366533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       366533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       366533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       366533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       319530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       319530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       127434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       127434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       446964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       446964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       446964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       446964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7227561644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7227561644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4165820681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4165820681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11393382325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11393382325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11393382325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11393382325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    897097292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    897097292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2750333054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2750333054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3647430346                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3647430346                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011185                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011185                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22619.352311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22619.352311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32690.025276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32690.025276                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25490.603997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25490.603997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25490.603997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25490.603997                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               164648081                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        19357960                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     19357960                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2165514                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     15192774                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        11022639                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     69088713                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              87565216                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           19357960                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11022639                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             30730874                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7064331                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            223844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      48334147                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       223248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        28050                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          128                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         15081816                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1202800                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes           7739                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    153419709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.155459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.593061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       123256615     80.34%     80.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3270495      2.13%     82.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1428272      0.93%     83.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2134142      1.39%     84.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2118089      1.38%     86.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         2216932      1.45%     87.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         2444064      1.59%     89.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1889552      1.23%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        14661548      9.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    153419709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.117572                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.531833                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        68131743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     51039124                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         28937292                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       520845                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       4790705                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     173931586                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           11                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       4790705                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        70156305                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       17966132                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     29106306                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         27433986                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      3966275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     169006478                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        15946                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        999863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      1762636                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        22046                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    187466747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    418998899                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    408732374                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10266525                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    147785832                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        39681033                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1043076                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1072553                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         12489389                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     21473371                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     13427322                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1336971                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       647273                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         157961669                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1206951                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        150124796                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       218338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     24954449                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35398782                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       304640                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    153419709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.978524                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.631724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     96968572     63.20%     63.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     18533642     12.08%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12722525      8.29%     83.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9507058      6.20%     89.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6685970      4.36%     94.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4724663      3.08%     97.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2983283      1.94%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       993931      0.65%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       300065      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    153419709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         314125     37.05%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     37.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         3710      0.44%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     37.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        330223     38.95%     76.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       199799     23.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      2143331      1.43%      1.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    111920152     74.55%     75.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.98% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3107042      2.07%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20361606     13.56%     91.61% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     12592665      8.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     150124796                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.911792                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             847857                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005648                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    447546595                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    179029873                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    142939100                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7414259                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5106171                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3623331                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     145123366                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3705956                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2297827                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3691874                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        23995                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        17613                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2047986                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21415                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       4790705                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       15267796                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       158742                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159168620                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2864175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21473371                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     13427322                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1128605                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         75143                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        10297                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        17613                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       967711                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1384959                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2352670                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    147683064                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19856485                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2441732                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            32268435                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        15192645                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          12411950                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.896962                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             146791900                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            146562431                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         96471406                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        157153985                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.890156                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613865                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     26848894                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       902311                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      2167207                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    148702365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.888282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.835201                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    104505149     70.28%     70.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15054743     10.12%     80.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9103203      6.12%     86.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7470644      5.02%     91.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3586299      2.41%     93.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1869132      1.26%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1398906      0.94%     96.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1382034      0.93%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4332255      2.91%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    148702365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     66286345                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     132089651                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              29160848                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             17781508                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars              55356                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          13874078                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           3112457                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        128989237                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4332255                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           303006218                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          322704181                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 581302                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               11228372                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        180029303248                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           66286345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            132089651                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     66286345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.483891                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.483891                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.402594                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.402594                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       291084978                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      157778233                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6334160                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3315290                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       64066804                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1016542                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           53540                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        82760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        47472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       572617648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       114878792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          687794556                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    572617648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     572617648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1019915                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     74053966                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        76888409                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             1557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        10345                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         5934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         71577206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         16180731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            87777970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           16996                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         9734404                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            9779752                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1906                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            9542834                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            1914487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              11462290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       9542834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          9542834                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30240                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             16997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           1234130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              1281367                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             17889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker         1379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker          791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           9542834                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           3148618                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             12743657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       39444                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1005819                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        82                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       791                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                  777                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 139357                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      873                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1045263                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           15                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5259                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  134098                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             1                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            13                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                914                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180195155373                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  54312076                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   107184365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           106717919                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                16541                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6480956                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  106717919                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       16541                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         266410886                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        119293833                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              26876                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             13621                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    25958074                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  16194762                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  9763312                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             180070686374.487030                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             124468998.512988                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.000691                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.999309                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
