
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 177347                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   313274                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               95710171                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      682599                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1205781                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       197568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              277248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    202917273                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    536306184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              752600710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    202917273                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         203091004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8686527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    202917273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    536306184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             752600710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           518                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2177.711259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              45                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.086873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          289.201110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.208120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.108332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.195684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.381490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    543.771747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1307.844781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.070606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.132757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.319298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.531668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2878                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          194                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          756                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          543                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4374                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1025                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1025                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2878                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          194                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          756                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          573                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4404                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2387                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3643                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3092                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4349                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5150458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120911088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244906914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      372757457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       485093                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       485093                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73171393                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73171393                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5150458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120911088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318078307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       445928850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5150458                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788997                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120911088                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    318078307                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      445928850                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1025                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1025                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          735                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              736                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.080569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.609302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.814676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.454409                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.959184                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.959239                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017412                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.080569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.609302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.843656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.496858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017412                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.080569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.609302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.843656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.496858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100989.372549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105235.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102553.933842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102600.299120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102321.563821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16169.766667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16169.766667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103789.209929                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103642.199717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100989.372549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105235.117647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102553.933842                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102871.380013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102535.950793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100989.372549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105235.117647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102553.933842                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102871.380013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102535.950793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  47                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       47                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3092                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4868758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1696197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114402692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    231680867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    352648514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1490028                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1490028                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69306193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69306193                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4868758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1696197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114402692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    300987060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    421954707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4868758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1696197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114402692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    300987060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    421954707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.080569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.609302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.814676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.959184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.957880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017412                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.080569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.609302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.843656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.495716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017412                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.080569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.609302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.843656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95465.843137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99776.294118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97033.665818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97059.433180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97041.418272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49667.600000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49667.600000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98306.656738                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98306.656738                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95465.843137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99776.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97033.665818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97343.809832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97246.994008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95465.843137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99776.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97033.665818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97343.809832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97246.994008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1988.568381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           10.272660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.328603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.619582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.477834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    554.134123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1379.735608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              47                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   47                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           11                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2382                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3626                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                706                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3087                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4332                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4685158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110271721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    223545435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      340140011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66894305                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     66894305                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4685158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110271721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    290439740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       407034316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4685158                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637697                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110271721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    290439740                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      407034316                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           47                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               47                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              706                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.980392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.995334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.980392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.996091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.980392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.996091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93703.160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96335.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94410.720034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93847.789673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93805.849697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94885.539007                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94751.140227                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93703.160000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96335.117647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94410.720034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94084.787820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93959.906741                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93703.160000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96335.117647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94410.720034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94084.787820                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93959.906741                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4322                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3986084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93857921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190037035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    289282790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56914845                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56914845                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3986084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93857921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246951880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    346197635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3986084                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93857921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246951880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    346197635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.980392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.980392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.993792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.980392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.990670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79721.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82455.882353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80357.809075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79780.451301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79978.653580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80730.276596                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80730.276596                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79721.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82455.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80357.809075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79997.369615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80101.257520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79721.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82455.882353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80357.809075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79997.369615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80101.257520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1438                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               334.704057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   20523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.271905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.543681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   334.160376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.652657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.653719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31671                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31689                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31671                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31689                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2265                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2266                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2265                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2266                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163798519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163798519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163798519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163798519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163798519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163798519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066735                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066735                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72317.226932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72285.312886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72317.226932                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72285.312886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72317.226932                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72285.312886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          330                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129870173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129870173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129870173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129870173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129870173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129870173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67116.368475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67116.368475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67116.368475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67116.368475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67116.368475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67116.368475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          202                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.661315                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           867                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.292079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019265993000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.519798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.141517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.094987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.666332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1148                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1148                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1148                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1148                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          243                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          243                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4508254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4508254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4508254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4508254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4508254                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4508254                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.172314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.174694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.172314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.174694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.172314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.174694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18862.987448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18552.485597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18862.987448                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18552.485597                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18862.987448                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18552.485597                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3755361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3755361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3755361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3755361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3755361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3755361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.172314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.172314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.172314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15712.807531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15712.807531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15712.807531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15712.807531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15712.807531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15712.807531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2951                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.409724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2951                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.665876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019125008300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.665924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.743800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.858987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.900608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2194                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2197                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2197                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2194                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2197                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2996                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3001                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         3001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2996                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         3001                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35210710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35210710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35210710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35210710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35210710                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35210710                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.577264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.577337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.577264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.577337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.577264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.577337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11752.573431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11732.992336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11752.573431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11732.992336                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11752.573431                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11732.992336                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           20                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           20                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25901361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25901361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25901361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25901361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25901361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25901361                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.577264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.577264                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.577264                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8645.314085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8645.314085                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8645.314085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8645.314085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8645.314085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8645.314085                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3155                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               478.970695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   39594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 12.549604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019082117300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.349805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   478.620891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.934806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.935490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45363                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45366                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21996                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21996                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67359                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67362                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7408                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7410                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          799                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          800                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8207                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8210                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    702971448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    702971448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79583362                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79583362                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    782554810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    782554810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    782554810                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    782554810                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.140380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.140405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94893.553996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94867.941700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99603.707134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99479.202500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95352.115267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95317.272838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95352.115267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95317.272838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1005                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1005                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4480                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4480                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254911347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254911347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76401897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76401897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    331313244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    331313244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    331313244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    331313244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034920                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034918                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86970.776868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86970.776868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95982.282663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95982.282663                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88895.423665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88895.423665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88895.423665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88895.423665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106209                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56669                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56669                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6216                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37041                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24237                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       158213                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                267183                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56669                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24237                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83908                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          30749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        479373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1635                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33936                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2834                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             77                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       752607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.649314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.046006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          670786     89.13%     89.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            9033      1.20%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5255      0.70%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3533      0.47%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5668      0.75%     92.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5510      0.73%     92.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5427      0.72%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3408      0.45%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43987      5.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       752607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051228                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241530                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          161835                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       487745                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74522                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4500                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24003                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        470818                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24003                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          171302                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         394920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        62012                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69524                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        30844                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        449242                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          428                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18521                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          166                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       539146                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1172143                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1172143                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       334405                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          204592                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2140                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2119                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            74391                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66516                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30121                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1845                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          937                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            424447                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           371072                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2342                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142806                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       230435                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          688                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       752607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.493049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.221781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       603073     80.13%     80.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        56148      7.46%     87.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34290      4.56%     92.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22694      3.02%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16368      2.17%     97.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10604      1.41%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6698      0.89%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2274      0.30%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          458      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       752607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            776     33.38%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           807     34.71%     68.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          742     31.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3008      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       280801     75.67%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59490     16.03%     92.52% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27773      7.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        371072                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.335445                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2325                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006266                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1500918                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       569524                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       358219                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        370389                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4347                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        21948                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          112                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7326                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          126                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24003                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         355502                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4010                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       426612                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         3907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66516                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30121                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2148                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2112                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          112                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1920                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5456                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7376                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       363439                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57328                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84476                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37306                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27148                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328545                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                359264                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               358219                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           248432                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           397106                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323826                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.625606                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       148602                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6434                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       728766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.381266                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311491                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       636729     87.37%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        36038      4.95%     92.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13904      1.91%     94.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        15127      2.08%     96.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7127      0.98%     97.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3511      0.48%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2917      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2242      0.31%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11171      1.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       728766                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       156149                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        277854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67348                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44553                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30679                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           277476                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11171                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1143109                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             877173                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2169                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 353602                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             156149                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               277854                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       156149                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.084317                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.084317                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.141157                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.141157                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          727062                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         417127                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         168407                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.090089                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1090089481671                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6109856751276                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  65483                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   122297                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               83523099                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4658536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13051.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   854641260                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1596144341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3534016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       151232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       962176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10818560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15534144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       962176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         962176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11575296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11575296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          672                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       169040                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               242721                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         180864                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              180864                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        23073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3241950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       138734                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       882658                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9924470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14250338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       882658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            882658                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10618666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10618666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10618666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        23073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3241950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       138734                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       882658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9924470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              24869004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   105240                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.473930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   105254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.523087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020557762000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.116148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.357782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.967121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18696                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18696                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8107                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8107                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26803                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26803                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103824                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103851                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99417                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101145                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           204996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203241                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          204996                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4606669788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4607760788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124967784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6702756000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6827723784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126058784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11309425788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11435484572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126058784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11309425788                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11435484572                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107524                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231799                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231799                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924603                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.925795                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40407.407407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44369.989482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44368.959259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72319.319444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67420.622228                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67504.313451                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71828.366952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55645.395309                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55783.940038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71828.366952                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55645.395309                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55783.940038                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       358300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  36                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9952.777778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56786                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56786                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       750200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3322940683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3323690883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104167200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5474145601                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5578312801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104917400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8797086284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8902003684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    104917400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8797086284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8902003684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924603                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925795                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27785.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 32005.515902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32004.418667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60281.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55062.470211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55151.641712                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59781.994302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43284.013974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43425.255537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59781.994302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43284.013974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43425.255537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27422945                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4040.740330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        56987505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27426981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.077790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  5024279264999                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          504.330528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.910607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    41.742207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2744.941035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    685.812534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.123128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.670152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.167435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.986509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17221028                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4360010                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24563292                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5785291                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               51929621                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7029161                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              7029161                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       998489                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              998489                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1204367                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1204367                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17221028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4360010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24563292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6989658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                53133988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17221028                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4360010                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24563292                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6989658                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               53133988                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324469                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       173149                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18895617                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6065066                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25458301                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        50651                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             50651                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1864807                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1864807                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       173149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18895617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7929873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27323108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324469                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       173149                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18895617                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7929873                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27323108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7334009793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3775337681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417735113730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152633077758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   581477538962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2226728029                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2226728029                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55236823044                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  55236823044                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7334009793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3775337681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417735113730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 207869900802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    636714362006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7334009793                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3775337681                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417735113730                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 207869900802                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   636714362006                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17545497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4533159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43458909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11850357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           77387922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7029161                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          7029161                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1049140                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1049140                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3069174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3069174                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17545497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4533159                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43458909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14919531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            80457096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17545497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4533159                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43458909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14919531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           80457096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.511804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.328970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048279                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.048279                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.607592                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.607592                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.531510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.339598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.531510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.339598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22603.113989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21803.982010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22107.513808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25165.938468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22840.390604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43962.173086                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43962.173086                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29620.664789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29620.664789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22603.113989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21803.982010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22107.513808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26213.522058                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23303.145528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22603.113989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21803.982010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22107.513808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26213.522058                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23303.145528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3798660                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3798660                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          258                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          279                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18895617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6065065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25457763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        50651                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        50651                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1864807                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1864807                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18895617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7929872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27322570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     18895617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7929872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27322570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5588102248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2827919993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310566676462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 119284048936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 438266747639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2736069586                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2736069586                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44748538070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44748538070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5588102248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2827919993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310566676462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164032587006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 483015285709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5588102248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2827919993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 310566676462                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164032587006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 483015285709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10218528040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10218528040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15323404705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15323404705                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25541932745                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25541932745                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.511804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048279                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048279                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.607592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.607592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.531509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.339592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.038135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.531509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17236.004479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16358.650969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16435.910850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19667.398278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17215.446135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54018.076366                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54018.076366                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23996.337460                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23996.337460                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17236.004479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16358.650969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16435.910850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20685.401606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17678.252291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17236.004479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16358.650969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16435.910850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20685.401606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17678.252291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        186362                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32348.094135                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        28950750                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        218839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        132.292462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18290.973627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.053475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   446.651502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   140.136503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5531.718478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7938.542013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.558196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.168815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.242265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321848                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172198                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18880575                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5914010                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25288631                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3798660                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3798660                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1387                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1387                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1683274                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1683274                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18880575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7597284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                26971905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       321848                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172198                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18880575                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7597284                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               26971905                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          672                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15042                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       151055                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               169132                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74875                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             74875                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       155922                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             155922                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          672                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       306977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                325054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          672                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15042                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       306977                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               325054                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    219168626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62447487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1406749824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8920548741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10608914678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1942745498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1942745498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14023371075                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14023371075                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    219168626                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62447487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1406749824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22943919816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     24632285753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    219168626                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62447487                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1406749824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22943919816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    24632285753                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18895617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6065065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25457763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3798660                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3798660                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        76262                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           76262                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1839196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1839196                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18895617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7904261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27296959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     18895617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7904261                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27296959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.981813                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.981813                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084777                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.084777                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003887                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.011908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003887                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.011908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92750.159120                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92927.808036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93521.461508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59054.971639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62725.650250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25946.517503                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25946.517503                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89938.373514                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89938.373514                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92750.159120                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92927.808036                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93521.461508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74741.494692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75779.057489                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92750.159120                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92927.808036                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93521.461508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74741.494692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75779.057489                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              124078                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   124078                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       151055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          169132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74875                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        74875                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       155922                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        155922                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           325054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          325054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    186036226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     52996271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1194554954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6789902019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8223489470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3838281542                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3838281542                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11793893007                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11793893007                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    186036226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     52996271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1194554954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18583795026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20017382477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    186036226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     52996271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1194554954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18583795026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20017382477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9105810527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9105810527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13646695104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13646695104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22752505631                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22752505631                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003887                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.981813                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981813                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.084777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.084777                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003887                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003887                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78728.830300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78863.498512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79414.635953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44949.866069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48621.724275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51262.524768                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51262.524768                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75639.698099                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75639.698099                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78728.830300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78863.498512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79414.635953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60538.069712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61581.714044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78728.830300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78863.498512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79414.635953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60538.069712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61581.714044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                34017875                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         45871                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20843412                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 13174463                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22936                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22936                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21435                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43458920                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               130452265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43459432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.001702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5019827927824                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130435931                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      130435931                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130435931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       130435931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    130435931                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      130435931                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47454240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     47454240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47454240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      47454240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47454240                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     47454240                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 986466801555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 986466801555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 986466801555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 986466801555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 986466801555                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 986466801555                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    177890171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    177890171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    177890171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    177890171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    177890171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    177890171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20787.748398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20787.748398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20787.748398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20787.748398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20787.748398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20787.748398                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       323494                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40436.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3995312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3995312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3995312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3995312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3995312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3995312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43458928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43458928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43458928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43458928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43458928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43458928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 764832213314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 764832213314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 764832213314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 764832213314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 764832213314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 764832213314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.244302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17598.966392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17598.966392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17598.966392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17598.966392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17598.966392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17598.966392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4534591                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4301978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4534607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.948699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4301570                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4301570                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4301570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4301570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4301570                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4301570                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4535295                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4535295                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4535295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4535295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4535295                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4535295                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  74750565711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74750565711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  74750565711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  74750565711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  74750565711                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  74750565711                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8836865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8836865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8836865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      8836865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8836865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      8836865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.513224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.513224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.513224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.513224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.513224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.513224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16481.963293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16481.963293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16481.963293                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16481.963293                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16481.963293                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16481.963293                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        19603                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        19603                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4535295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4535295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4535295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4535295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4535295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4535295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60850099151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60850099151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60850099151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60850099151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  60850099151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60850099151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.513224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.513224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.513224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.513224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.513224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.513224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13417.010173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13417.010173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13417.010173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13417.010173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13417.010173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13417.010173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17548829                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984820                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5034095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17548845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.286862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.984820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5033770                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5033770                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5033770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5033770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5033770                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5033770                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17559741                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17559741                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17559741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17559741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17559741                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17559741                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 280283848851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 280283848851                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 280283848851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 280283848851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 280283848851                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 280283848851                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22593511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22593511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22593511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22593511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22593511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22593511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.777203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.777203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.777203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15961.730236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15961.730236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15961.730236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15961.730236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15961.730236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15961.730236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        17466                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        17466                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17559741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17559741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17559741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17559741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17559741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17559741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 226679381310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 226679381310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 226679381310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 226679381310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 226679381310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 226679381310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12909.038995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12909.038995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12909.038995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12909.038995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12909.038995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12909.038995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              14878248                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.827144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               282218006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              14878760                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.967844                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.827144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    182440393                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      182440393                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98572488                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98572488                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    281012881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       281012881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    281012881                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      281012881                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18411816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     18411816                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4133346                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4133346                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     22545162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      22545162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     22545162                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     22545162                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 511925774481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 511925774481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 110099655098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 110099655098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 622025429579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 622025429579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 622025429579                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 622025429579                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    200852209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    200852209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102705834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102705834                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    303558043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    303558043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    303558043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    303558043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.091668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.091668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.074270                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.074270                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27804.197830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27804.197830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26636.931701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26636.931701                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27590.195607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27590.195607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27590.195607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27590.195607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6992092                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          6992092                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6556391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6556391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        34544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        34544                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6590935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6590935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6590935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6590935                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11855425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11855425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4098802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4098802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15954227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15954227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15954227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15954227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 287074437149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 287074437149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95014656082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  95014656082                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 382089093231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 382089093231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 382089093231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 382089093231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10669418631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10669418631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15922237855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15922237855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26591656486                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26591656486                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039908                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039908                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24214.605309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24214.605309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23181.079760                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23181.079760                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23949.082161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23949.082161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23949.082161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23949.082161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3234284318                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       228932257                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    228932257                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42405405                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    195178035                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       102492332                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1454556585                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1045289503                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          228932257                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    102492332                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            326339952                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      152565092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          81070896                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     389555792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       724587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1957302                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        177890179                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29924110                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1145755                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2362883273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.828096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.272878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2045036664     86.55%     86.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20021830      0.85%     87.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14492007      0.61%     88.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26421754      1.12%     89.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22504131      0.95%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27178372      1.15%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19346186      0.82%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16621568      0.70%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       171260761      7.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2362883273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070783                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.323190                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1513001970                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    433337184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        301709676                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6156340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     108678103                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1896720431                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     108678103                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1533652816                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      141274100                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    248056866                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        286271934                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     44949454                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1819067868                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       631838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7256998                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29448560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       211841                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1976499818                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4523301693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4523211129                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        90564                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1201723789                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       774776018                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6167128                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6198657                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        139087646                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    256899936                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    157729709                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15891521                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14471753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1688275643                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      8934793                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1528762666                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7513582                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    556134805                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    743851824                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3285205                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2362883273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.646990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.423621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1793506470     75.90%     75.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    194668600      8.24%     84.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    122572291      5.19%     89.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     84163372      3.56%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     68966943      2.92%     95.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49041233      2.08%     97.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36617056      1.55%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11095369      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2251939      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2362883273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4527936     42.04%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     42.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4112733     38.19%     80.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2128697     19.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18367838      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1135282973     74.26%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    234748051     15.36%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    140363804      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1528762666                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.472674                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10769366                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007044                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5445310574                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2253704212                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1453681892                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40625                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        25066                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20174                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1521143879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20315                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     22604091                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     92786835                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       499740                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       404787                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     54996106                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       196367                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     108678103                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       81475613                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1839227                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1697210436                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     28750353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    256899936                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    157729709                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7877499                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        865857                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        72189                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       404787                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14036514                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33481114                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47517628                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1482803581                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    223704385                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     45959085                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           358482831                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       156889352                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         134778446                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.458464                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1456598680                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1453702066                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        914034284                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1407809260                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.449466                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.649260                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    615094813                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5649588                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     42631149                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2255105717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.479805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.428720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1896274090     84.09%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    129391628      5.74%     89.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     58397080      2.59%     92.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     64036542      2.84%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33754354      1.50%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     15039905      0.67%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12189479      0.54%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7818271      0.35%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     38204368      1.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2255105717                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    585468425                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1082012070                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             266846700                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164113098                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             575895                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125271770                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1077449653                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     38204368                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3912719686                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3503357343                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               25231534                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              871401045                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            27874623                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          585468425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1082012070                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    585468425                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.524268                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.524268                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.181019                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.181019                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2842868896                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1565494474                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20174                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      698197088                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5295646                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       942624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2836240208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       511069469                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3351098829                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2836240208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2836240208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    356509579                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364074015                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        354530026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         80957846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           435724620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51427098                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51608423                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2527528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       864722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        77051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2601841643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          468832584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3074150228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2601841643                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2601841643                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3453133                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3486147                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         327046160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            333985440                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3459833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           6013675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       864722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        77051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2601841643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         795878744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3408135668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               34017875                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        45871                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                13174463                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20843412                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22936                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22936                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21318                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3273533500                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 267767333                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   511638363                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           509934129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36530987                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  509934129                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1315042897                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        564316005                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132599427                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81040314                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51559113                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2675110944.822984                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             598422555.177016                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.182806                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.817194                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
