
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  88355                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   156887                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               49335392                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      519119                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        921768                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        64768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6182192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    434740543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    223442067                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              979656571                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    434740543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         435402920                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6182192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    434740543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    223442067                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1286999808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.251645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083047160000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.251645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.578228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.578228                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       921000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       921000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247247824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    247247824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248168824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    248168824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248168824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    248168824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41863.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41863.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175602.147727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175602.147727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173544.632168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173544.632168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173544.632168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173544.632168                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1794800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 163                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11011.042945                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       652800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       652800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230282392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230282392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230935192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230935192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230935192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230935192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29672.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29672.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163552.835227                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163552.835227                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161493.141259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161493.141259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161493.141259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161493.141259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1324                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1443.308731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.001511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          106.190011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.802041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        4.872153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.719385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    16.558783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.682669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    999.717227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    310.766462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.025925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.244072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.075871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.352370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2310                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1433                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          468                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4303                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             642                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  642                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2310                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           89                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1433                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4388                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2410                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          797                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3265                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          345                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                348                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2410                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1142                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3613                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3128956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       487934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213961832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     75015904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      292594626                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34508571                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     34508571                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3128956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       487934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213961832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109524475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       327103197                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3128956                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       487934                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    213961832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109524475                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      327103197                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          642                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              642                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          430                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              433                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.627114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.630040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.431422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802326                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.803695                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.627114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.673746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.451569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.627114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.673746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.451569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 84566.378378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 60991.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88780.843154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94122.840652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89615.505666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100024.843478                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99162.560345                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 84566.378378                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 60991.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88780.843154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95905.845009                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90535.066980                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 84566.378378                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 60991.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88780.843154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95905.845009                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90535.066980                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 124                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      124                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2927115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       444302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200564258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70657389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    274593064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32591002                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32591002                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2927115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       444302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200564258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103248391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    307184066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2927115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       444302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    200564258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103248391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    307184066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3821042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3821042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7501684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7501684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11322726                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11322726                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.627114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.630040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.429704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.802326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.796767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.627114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.673746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.449569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.627114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.673746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79111.216216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55537.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83221.683817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88654.189460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84438.211562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94466.672464                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94466.672464                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79111.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55537.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83221.683817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90410.149737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85400.073951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79111.216216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 55537.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83221.683817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90410.149737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85400.073951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1772.238486                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           29.745593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.851723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.743422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1262.181017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    441.716873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          441                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          115                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    569                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             124                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  124                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                   12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     581                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          441                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          127                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    581                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          682                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2696                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                335                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3031                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2695621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370102                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186951524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66372405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      256389652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31181127                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31181127                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2695621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186951524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97553532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       287570779                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2695621                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370102                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186951524                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97553532                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      287570779                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          124                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              124                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          344                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              347                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.756757                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.855709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.825727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.965116                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.965418                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.756757                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.839147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.756757                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.839147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96272.178571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92525.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94947.447435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97320.241935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95100.019288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93919.057229                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93077.991045                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96272.178571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92525.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94947.447435                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96206.639053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94876.535467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96272.178571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92525.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94947.447435                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96206.639053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94876.535467                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1969                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2306827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159283931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56889879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218794237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26434522                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26434522                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2306827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159283931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83324401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    245228759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2306827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159283931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83324401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245228759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.756757                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.855709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.821746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.965116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.756757                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.834718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.756757                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.834718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82386.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80895.851193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83416.244868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81548.355199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79622.054217                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79622.054217                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82386.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80895.851193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82173.965483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81336.238474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82386.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80895.851193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82173.965483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81336.238474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3333                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.150470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.262526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083050387300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   457.852976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.894825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21319                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21336                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21319                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21336                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4536                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4539                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4536                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4539                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299069620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    299069620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299069620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    299069620                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    299069620                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    299069620                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.175420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.175420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.175440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.175420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65932.455908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65888.878608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65932.455908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65888.878608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65932.455908                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65888.878608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234440100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    234440100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234440100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234440100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    234440100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234440100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148637                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61004.449649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61004.449649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61004.449649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61004.449649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61004.449649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61004.449649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           93                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.199518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           93                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.430108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.319812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.879705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.082488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.554982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.637470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          235                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1801444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1801444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1801444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1801444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1801444                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1801444                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.292169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.306785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.292169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.306785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.292169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.306785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18571.587629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17321.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18571.587629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17321.576923                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18571.587629                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17321.576923                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1499471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1499471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1499471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1499471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1499471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1499471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.292169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.292169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.292169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15458.463918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15458.463918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15458.463918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15458.463918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15458.463918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15458.463918                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2338                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.107215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.093670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.016523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          287                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          287                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2348                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2354                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2354                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2348                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2354                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31060483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31060483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31060483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31060483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31060483                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31060483                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.891329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.891329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.891329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13228.485094                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13194.767630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13228.485094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13194.767630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13228.485094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13194.767630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23838634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23838634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23838634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23838634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23838634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23838634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.891082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.889057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10152.740204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10152.740204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10152.740204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10152.740204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10152.740204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10152.740204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1202                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               371.301070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   27603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1202                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.964226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.623116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   370.677954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.723980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.725197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27258                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27259                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16078                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16082                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43336                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43341                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2160                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2160                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          461                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          464                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2621                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2621                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2624                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146503755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146503755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38795463                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38795463                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    185299218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    185299218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    185299218                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    185299218                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16539                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16546                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        45965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        45965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.073422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.027874                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.028043                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057087                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057087                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67825.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67825.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84155.017354                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83610.911638                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70697.908432                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70617.080030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70697.908432                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70617.080030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          642                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              642                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          909                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          909                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          445                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82709628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82709628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35982837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35982837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118692465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118692465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    118692465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118692465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3986642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3986642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7785922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7785922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11772564                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11772564                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65279.895817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65279.895817                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80860.307865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80860.307865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69329.710864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69329.710864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69329.710864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69329.710864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772449                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38452                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38452                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6223                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29179                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15092                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       173113                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                186108                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38452                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15092                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54540                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1820                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        160757                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           37                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          371                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25855                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3839                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             34                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       408803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.840625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.309115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          355383     86.93%     86.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2563      0.63%     87.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2016      0.49%     88.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2874      0.70%     88.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3881      0.95%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3818      0.93%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5151      1.26%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2023      0.49%     92.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           31094      7.61%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       408803                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049779                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240932                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          169072                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       170214                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            49019                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2327                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18165                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        329909                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18165                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          173329                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106021                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52574                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            47040                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11669                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        313680                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2333                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7848                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       343682                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       775714                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       775624                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       210917                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          132704                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          945                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          963                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30004                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40239                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25101                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2213                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1278                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            291623                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1634                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           260333                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1515                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        97378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       139609                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          824                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       408803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.636818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.410492                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       312365     76.41%     76.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31854      7.79%     84.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20286      4.96%     89.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16446      4.02%     93.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11353      2.78%     95.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8707      2.13%     98.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5389      1.32%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         1936      0.47%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          467      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       408803                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            515     39.86%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           400     30.96%     70.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          377     29.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2903      1.12%      1.12% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       200121     76.87%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35613     13.68%     91.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21686      8.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        260333                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337023                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1292                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004963                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       933116                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       390745                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       247938                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        258708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4264                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15182                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8514                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           37                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18165                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92989                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       293257                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4719                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40239                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25101                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1198                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           295                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          166                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1158                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6194                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7352                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       252797                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33753                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54476                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25644                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20723                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327267                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                248660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               247947                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           161076                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           252503                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.320988                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637917                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       105307                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          810                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6272                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       390698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.404448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       325843     83.40%     83.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24179      6.19%     89.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12287      3.14%     92.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9935      2.54%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5884      1.51%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3001      0.77%     97.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1662      0.43%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2454      0.63%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5453      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       390698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       103385                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        187873                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 41628                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25043                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20475                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           186037                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5453                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              678297                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             604717                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2530                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 363646                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97983                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             103385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               187873                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       103385                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.471577                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.471577                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133841                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133841                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          485634                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         269514                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110570                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           656                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.048995                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60048994663566                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65132502288345                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43274                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    83425                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1661758232                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4742136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 36135.82                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1563754586                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3014632617                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3418496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           100096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       154048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        32960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      2320640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     52744192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            58770432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      2320640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        2320640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     39075712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         39075712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        36260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       824128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               918288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         610558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              610558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        56928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        38646                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       878353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 978708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        38646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             38646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           650730                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                650730                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           650730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        56928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        38646                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       878353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1629439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   280877                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.888174                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   280892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.003329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.039293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.848881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.002456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.928055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.930511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            182                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               182                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            56                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               56                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet             238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet            238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total               238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       408050                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          411580                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        22581                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          73781                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        430631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           485361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       430631                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          485361                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    509046664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet  47040409921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  47549456585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9021396600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    968026000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9989422600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9530443264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  48008435921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  57538879185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9530443264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  48008435921                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  57538879185                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       408232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        411762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        22637                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73837                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       430869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         485599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       430869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        485599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997526                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999242                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 144205.853824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115280.994783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115529.074749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176199.152344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 42869.049201                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135392.887058                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174135.634277                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111483.929213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118548.625013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174135.634277                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111483.929213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118548.625013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    405621012                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               47580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8525.031778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          55058                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               55058                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       408050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       411580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        22581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        73781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       430631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       485361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       430631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       485361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    466392176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42118513800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42584905976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8404301380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    683846400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9088147780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8870693556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42802360200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51673053756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8870693556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet  42802360200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51673053756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.997526                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999242                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 132122.429462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103219.002083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103466.898236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164146.511328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 30284.150392                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123177.346200                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162081.007784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99394.516883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106463.135184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162081.007784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99394.516883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106463.135184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      11844402                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2835.580556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        44081615                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      11847198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          3.720847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          975.712057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   112.555846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.966325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    820.278093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    926.068233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.238211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.200263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.226091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.692280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19015912                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       282938                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9522622                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6851842                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               35673314                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        10835132                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             10835132                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1319945                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1319945                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1789544                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1789544                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19015912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       282938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9522622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8641386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                37462858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19015912                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       282938                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9522622                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8641386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               37462858                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       459635                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7150                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3482284                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5465951                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              9415020                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks            12                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                 12                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       125610                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            125610                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2068632                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2068632                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       459635                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3482284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7534583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              11483652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       459635                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7150                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3482284                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7534583                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             11483652                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9927344348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    199362784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  79652566839                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166527386174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   256306660145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2273508516                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2273508516                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94589688323                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  94589688323                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9927344348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    199362784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  79652566839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 261117074497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    350896348468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9927344348                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    199362784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  79652566839                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 261117074497                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   350896348468                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19475547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       290088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13004906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12317793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           45088334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     10835144                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         10835144                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1445555                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1445555                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3858176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3858176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19475547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       290088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13004906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16175969                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            48946510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     19475547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       290088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     13004906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16175969                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           48946510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.443744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.208813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000001                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086894                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.086894                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.536168                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.536168                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.465789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.234616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.465789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.234616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21598.321164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27882.906853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22873.656152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30466.315226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27223.166828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18099.741390                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18099.741390                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45725.720342                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45725.720342                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21598.321164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27882.906853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22873.656152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34655.809684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30556.163533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21598.321164                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 27882.906853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22873.656152                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34655.809684                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30556.163533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             5577564                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  5577564                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                89                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       459609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3482266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5465951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9414931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks           12                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total            12                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       125610                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       125610                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2068632                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2068632                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       459609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3482266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7534583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         11483563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       459609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      3482266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7534583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        11483563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7472818702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    160472464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  59868608252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 136336603307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 203838502725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8691196608                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8691196608                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  82885023150                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  82885023150                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7472818702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    160472464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  59868608252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219221626457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 286723525875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7472818702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    160472464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  59868608252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219221626457                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 286723525875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8674961941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8674961941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11920903031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11920903031                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  20595864972                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  20595864972                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.443744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.208811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086894                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086894                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.536168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.536168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.465789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.234615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.023599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.024493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.465789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16259.078264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22585.849965                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17192.428221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24942.887945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21650.557261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69191.916312                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69191.916312                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40067.553412                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40067.553412                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16259.078264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22585.849965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17192.428221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29095.389414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24968.167621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16259.078264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22585.849965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17192.428221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29095.389414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24968.167621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        834245                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32187.754331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        14115459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        866579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         16.288716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18371.390986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.016211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.081742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.016076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   127.545245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    31.414241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2416.505616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11234.784214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.560650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.073746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.342858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       457202                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6590                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3446005                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4941462                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                8851259                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         5577576                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              5577576                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31131                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               31131                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1441905                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1441905                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       457202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3446005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6383367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                10293164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       457202                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6590                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3446005                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6383367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               10293164                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          515                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        36261                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       524489                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               563672                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       316418                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total            316418                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       404788                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             404788                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        36261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       929277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                968460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          515                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        36261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       929277                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               968460                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    223211687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47866021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3395847843                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48495181821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    52162107372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    937057184                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    937057184                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37410592045                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  37410592045                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    223211687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47866021                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3395847843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85905773866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     89572699417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    223211687                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     47866021                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3395847843                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  85905773866                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    89572699417                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       459609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3482266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5465951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            9414931                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5577576                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          5577576                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       347549                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          347549                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1846693                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1846693                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       459609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3482266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7312644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            11261624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       459609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      3482266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7312644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           11261624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.059870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.910427                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.910427                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219196                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.219196                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.127078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.085996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.127078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.085996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92734.394267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92943.730097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93650.143212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92461.771021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92539.823465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  2961.453470                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2961.453470                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92420.210196                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92420.210196                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92734.394267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92943.730097                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93650.143212                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92443.667352                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92489.828611                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92734.394267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92943.730097                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93650.143212                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92443.667352                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92489.828611                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              555500                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   555500                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        36261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       524489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          563672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       316418                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       316418                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       404788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        404788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        36261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       929277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           968460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        36261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       929277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          968460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    189436114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     40642233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2884217120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41133887331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44248182798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23990218536                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23990218536                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31576586105                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31576586105                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    189436114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     40642233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2884217120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  72710473436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75824768903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    189436114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     40642233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2884217120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  72710473436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75824768903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7779341924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7779341924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10599121872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10599121872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  18378463796                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  18378463796                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.910427                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.910427                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.219196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.127078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.085996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.010413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.127078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78702.166182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78916.957282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79540.473787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78426.596804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78499.877230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75818.122028                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75818.122028                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78007.712939                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78007.712939                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78702.166182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78916.957282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79540.473787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78244.133274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78294.166928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78702.166182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78916.957282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79540.473787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78244.133274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78294.166928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                     24235241                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        67864                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18744                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        330                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   120                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   256                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                 18556                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 3237770                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     19074                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                    24303105                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           318                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  3228729                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     9041                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            312                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              5                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               18912                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              13004908                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999992                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               138601425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              13005420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 10.657205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138593315                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      138593315                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138593315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       138593315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138593315                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      138593315                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13718182                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     13718182                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13718182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      13718182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13718182                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     13718182                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 245082714665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 245082714665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 245082714665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 245082714665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 245082714665                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 245082714665                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152311497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    152311497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152311497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    152311497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    152311497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    152311497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.090067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.090067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17865.538937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17865.538937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17865.538937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17865.538937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17865.538937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17865.538937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       280828                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 35103.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       713254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       713254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       713254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       713254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       713254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       713254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13004928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     13004928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13004928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     13004928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     13004928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     13004928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 188412876480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 188412876480                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 188412876480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 188412876480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 188412876480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 188412876480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.085384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14487.806198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14487.806198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14487.806198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14487.806198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14487.806198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14487.806198                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       295576                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.983848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        389325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       295592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.317103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083936240300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.983841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.998990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.998990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       389043                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       389043                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       389043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       389043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       389043                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       389043                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       295781                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       295781                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       295781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       295781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       295781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       295781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5565791804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5565791804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5565791804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5565791804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5565791804                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5565791804                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       684824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       684824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       684824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       684824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       684824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       684824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.431908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.431908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.431908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.431908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.431908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.431908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18817.272928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18817.272928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18817.272928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18817.272928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18817.272928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18817.272928                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        11174                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        11174                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       295781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       295781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       295781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       295781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       295781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       295781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4663408941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4663408941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4663408941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4663408941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4663408941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4663408941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.431908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.431908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.431908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.431908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15766.424960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15766.424960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15766.424960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15766.424960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15766.424960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15766.424960                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     20128636                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      10249403                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     20128652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.509195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10249181                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     10249181                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10249181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     10249181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     10249181                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     10249181                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20130175                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     20130175                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20130175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     20130175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20130175                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     20130175                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 239419091361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 239419091361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 239419091361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 239419091361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 239419091361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 239419091361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30379356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30379356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30379356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     30379356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30379356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     30379356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.662627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.662627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.662627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.662627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.662627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.662627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11893.542473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11893.542473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11893.542473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11893.542473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11893.542473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11893.542473                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       258264                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       258264                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20130175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     20130175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20130175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     20130175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     20130175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     20130175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 177833790567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 177833790567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 177833790567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 177833790567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 177833790567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 177833790567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.662627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.662627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.662627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8834.189994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8834.189994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8834.189994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8834.189994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8834.189994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8834.189994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              16154654                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.763910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               250902897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              16155166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.530815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.763910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    145528606                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      145528606                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103852225                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     103852225                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    249380831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       249380831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    249380831                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      249380831                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     24727831                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     24727831                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5329996                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      5329996                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     30057827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      30057827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     30057827                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     30057827                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 790634164724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 790634164724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 159748322151                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 159748322151                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 950382486875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 950382486875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 950382486875                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 950382486875                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    170256437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    170256437                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    109182221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    109182221                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    279438658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    279438658                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    279438658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    279438658                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.145239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.145239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048817                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.048817                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31973.453908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31973.453908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29971.565110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29971.565110                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31618.469521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31618.469521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31618.469521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31618.469521                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     10565707                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         10565707                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12400897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     12400897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        45586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        45586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12446483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     12446483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12446483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     12446483                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12326934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12326934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5284410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      5284410                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17611344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17611344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17611344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17611344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 289408906991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 289408906991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 138390933898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 138390933898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 427799840889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 427799840889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 427799840889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 427799840889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9029909221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9029909221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  12402371805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  12402371805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  21432281026                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  21432281026                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048400                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048400                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23477.768843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23477.768843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26188.530772                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26188.530772                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24291.152390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24291.152390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24291.152390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24291.152390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              2516657806                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       204991999                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    204991999                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     22915232                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    132261674                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        92468097                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    847966847                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             936717099                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          204991999                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     92468097                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            310676377                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       78127939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           7767962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1121983003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles      4929261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1250617                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          157                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        152311503                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     13498738                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          76201                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2349175843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.799688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.247766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2044205488     87.02%     87.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        23829709      1.01%     88.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15696699      0.67%     88.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        19329246      0.82%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        21514154      0.92%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        19889818      0.85%     91.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        17387813      0.74%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        23018549      0.98%     93.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       164304367      6.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2349175843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.081454                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.372207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       817538478                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1178016269                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        287664338                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     11355139                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      54601619                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1844452233                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          643                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      54601619                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       851560667                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      806737151                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    248984513                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        263694572                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    123597321                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1798575029                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1579847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      49665220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     63343687                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1632302                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2012349044                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4578948641                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4275025572                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    303923069                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1533825852                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       478523303                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3636887                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3771428                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        289797144                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    202871147                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    128061841                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     15074233                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13187577                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1649675848                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      6409102                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1549038510                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10171437                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    271989004                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    398949104                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2012063                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2349175843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.659397                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.358947                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1706953781     72.66%     72.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    251753911     10.72%     83.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    155779985      6.63%     90.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     88612557      3.77%     93.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     62325772      2.65%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     43260078      1.84%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     30905334      1.32%     99.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7823924      0.33%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1760501      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2349175843                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3244081     36.35%     36.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        12795      0.14%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       3274303     36.69%     73.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2393997     26.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     33158974      2.14%      2.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1115244720     72.00%     74.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.14% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     90715463      5.86%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    190515689     12.30%     92.29% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    119403664      7.71%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1549038510                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.615514                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            8925176                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005762                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5258749601                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   1781142389                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1413802347                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    215589830                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    147097016                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    105664962                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1417043214                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      107761498                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     16273047                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     36228721                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       197791                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       179186                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     19617698                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       107902                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      54601619                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      618395238                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     10542908                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1656084950                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     49459597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    202871147                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    128061841                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4327401                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5634839                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       774118                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       179186                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      7079512                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     18474617                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     25554129                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1526981565                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    186370438                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     22056945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           304449645                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       156604916                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         118079207                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.606750                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1520608302                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1519467309                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1014200974                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1750325273                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.603764                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.579436                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    298125375                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4397039                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     23019591                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2294898087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.591759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.629604                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1862130610     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    152210012      6.63%     87.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     89352182      3.89%     91.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     62675914      2.73%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25688244      1.12%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16656485      0.73%     96.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     13722516      0.60%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      8982564      0.39%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     63479560      2.77%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2294898087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    680373922                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1358027043                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             275086583                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            166642437                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars            1528518                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         141777766                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          91270414                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1283825252                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     63479560                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3886815135                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3367904340                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                7273228                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              167481963                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        177809497375                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          680373922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1358027043                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    680373922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.698933                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.698933                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.270348                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.270348                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      3087192955                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1588773361                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        185091504                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        96540662                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      603845123                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3127876                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          376952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker     72955784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker     77629856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      9331432560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data      1862810830                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total        11345320326                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   9331432560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    9331432560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet     24544329                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data   1204327810                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total      1230686667                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            20523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker      9119473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker      9703732                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst       1166429070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data        260190136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total          1445465131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          409449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data       156731714                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total          157169515                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               6277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1214938                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      1292775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          155396982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           31021516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             188934392                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     155396982                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        155396982                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30217                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            408738                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          20055753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             20494709                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            415016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1214938                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1292775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         155396982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          51077269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            209429101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       67864                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                    24235241                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       330                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18744                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  122                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  180                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                18556                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                3237770                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    19074                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                   24303105                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          318                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    9041                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 3228729                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             5                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           312                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              14143                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180327304523                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 882319042                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                  1654727671                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses          1647952183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               441583                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    111576526                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                 1647952183                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      441583                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        4196130013                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes       1817937955                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             716169                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            363849                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   417586682                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                 260494805                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                157091877                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             178388354980.184784                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             1938949542.815220                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.010752                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.989248                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
