
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 167172                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   300259                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               88186834                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490164                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549686                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987300                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              251648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        52160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            52160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 815                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    183630213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6400572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432811115                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    241235364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              867829323                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432811115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         433252533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        179878153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             179878153                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        179878153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    183630213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6400572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432811115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    241235364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1047707476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      830                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.265873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971064221000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.265873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.516617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.516617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       617000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    145633896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    145633896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    146250896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    146250896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    146250896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    146250896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 44071.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44071.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175040.740385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175040.740385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172873.399527                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172873.399527                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172873.399527                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172873.399527                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       897100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  86                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10431.395349                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            817                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 817                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       439200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       439200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    135612500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135612500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136051700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    136051700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    136051700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    136051700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31371.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31371.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162995.793269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162995.793269                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160817.612293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160817.612293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160817.612293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160817.612293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        53248                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           13                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           217                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1661.758801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           217                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.511521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           57.716685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.605857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.281682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.490613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1102.744900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    465.919128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.014091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.269225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.113750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.405703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2500                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2009                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          335                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4936                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             448                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  448                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           51                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   51                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2500                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2009                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4987                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          828                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2871                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3077078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204914073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86554545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      295382439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28814013                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28814013                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3077078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204914073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115368558                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       324196452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3077078                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       836743                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204914073                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115368558                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      324196452                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          448                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              448                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              331                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.711952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.367747                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.845921                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.845921                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.387196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.387196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106106.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92971.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102662.361222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104534.474638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102884.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102907.189286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102907.189286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106106.137931                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92971.444444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102662.361222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104123.247292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102886.846081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 106106.137931                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92971.444444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102662.361222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104123.247292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102886.846081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   7                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        7                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2918878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       787243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193890341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82022859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279619321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27260113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27260113                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2918878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       787243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193890341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109282972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306879434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2918878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       787243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193890341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109282972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306879434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7057676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7057676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10241285                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10241285                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.711952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.366594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.845921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.845921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.386090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.498377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100650.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87471.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97139.449399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99061.423913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97700.671209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97357.546429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97357.546429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100650.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87471.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97139.449399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98630.841155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97670.093571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100650.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87471.444444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97139.449399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98630.841155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97670.093571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1653.572587                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.636746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.107477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.962867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1133.544457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    482.321118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               7                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    7                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      49                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           35                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     49                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2822                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3100                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2817578                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       745243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186697864                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78967028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      269227713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26132727                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26132727                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2817578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       745243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186697864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105099755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295360440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2817578                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       745243                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186697864                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105099755                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295360440                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            7                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                7                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.982933                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.984440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.984440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97157.862069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93155.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95205.438042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96892.058896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95403.158398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94002.615108                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94002.615108                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97157.862069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93155.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95205.438042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96157.140897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95277.561290                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 97157.862069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93155.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95205.438042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96157.140897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95277.561290                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2415468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159145698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67595925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229790561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22167704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22167704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2415468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159145698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89763629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251958265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2415468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       633470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159145698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89763629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251958265                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.981581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.988246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        83292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79183.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81155.378888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82939.785276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81688.788127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79739.942446                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79739.942446                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        83292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79183.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81155.378888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82125.918573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81513.511808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        83292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79183.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81155.378888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82125.918573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81513.511808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3497                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               414.372778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  7.848442                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.630044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   413.742734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.808091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.809322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30299                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          30318                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           30318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        30299                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          30318                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4659                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4661                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4659                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4661                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292420580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    292420580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292420580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    292420580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292420580                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    292420580                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.133251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.133251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.133274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.133251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62764.666237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62737.734392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62764.666237                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62737.734392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62764.666237                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62737.734392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          654                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228924836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228924836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228924836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228924836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228924836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228924836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.114566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57159.759301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57159.759301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57159.759301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57159.759301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57159.759301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57159.759301                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           93                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.590109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           93                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.118280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.331337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.258773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.578673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          298                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          298                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2247653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2247653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2247653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2247653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2247653                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2247653                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.253133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.258706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.253133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.258706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.253133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.258706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22253.990099                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21612.048077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22253.990099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21612.048077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22253.990099                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21612.048077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1933810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1933810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1933810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1933810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1933810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1933810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.253133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.253133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.253133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19146.633663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19146.633663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19146.633663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19146.633663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19146.633663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19146.633663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2517                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.342356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           256                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.101708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.277590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.767349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.833897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          340                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          340                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          340                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          340                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          340                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2533                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2530                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2533                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32659902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32659902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32659902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     32659902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     32659902                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     32659902                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.881657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.881657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.881657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12909.052174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12893.763127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12909.052174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12893.763127                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12909.052174                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12893.763127                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24874835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24874835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24874835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24874835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24874835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24874835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9831.950593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9831.950593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9831.950593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9831.950593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9831.950593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9831.950593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   983                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               403.869817                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   23586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.993896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          4971154225300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.412275                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   403.457542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.788003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.788808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34729                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34729                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20742                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20742                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55471                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55471                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2377                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2378                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          342                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          342                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2719                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2720                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    205828830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    205828830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32077621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32077621                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    237906451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    237906451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    237906451                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    237906451                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21084                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.064085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86591.851073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86555.437342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93794.213450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93794.213450                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87497.775285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87465.606985                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87497.775285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87465.606985                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          448                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              448                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93593306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93593306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29966300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29966300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123559606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123559606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123559606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123559606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3323081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3323081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7325245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7325245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10648326                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10648326                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015699                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015699                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80406.620275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80406.620275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90532.628399                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90532.628399                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82648.565886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82648.565886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82648.565886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82648.565886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  824561                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           48543                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        48543                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7275                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35510                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21471                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       199647                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                226655                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              48543                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21471                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                69572                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27421                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1884                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163495                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           24                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          583                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34958                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4403                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             33                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       455006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.950651                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.426363                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          387156     85.09%     85.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3068      0.67%     85.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2820      0.62%     86.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3843      0.84%     87.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6196      1.36%     88.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4005      0.88%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6275      1.38%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3288      0.72%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38355      8.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       455006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.058871                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.274880                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          195692                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174146                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            63657                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1697                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         19801                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        416145                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         19801                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          200970                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105139                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        56740                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60006                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12337                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        395226                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          126                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       434060                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       989983                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       989893                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284745                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          149304                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1370                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36145                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49321                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30231                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2235                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1160                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            366233                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2113                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           333355                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1483                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       106522                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       151679                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          961                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       455006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.732639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.501635                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       333035     73.19%     73.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39760      8.74%     81.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        25852      5.68%     87.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19894      4.37%     91.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14730      3.24%     95.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10717      2.36%     97.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7926      1.74%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2588      0.57%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          504      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       455006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            849     50.33%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           426     25.25%     75.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          412     24.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4107      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       257857     77.35%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.59% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44859     13.46%     92.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26522      7.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        333355                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.404282                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1687                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005061                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1125799                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       474973                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       318162                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        330921                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5419                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16145                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9101                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         19801                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92619                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          903                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       368346                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5850                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49321                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30231                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1739                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           466                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1878                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6525                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8403                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       323574                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42633                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68075                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33674                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25442                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.392420                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                318988                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               318171                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           207469                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           338066                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.385867                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613694                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       115097                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7350                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       435353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.581675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.545758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       350203     80.44%     80.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30460      7.00%     87.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16316      3.75%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13254      3.04%     94.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8169      1.88%     96.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3467      0.80%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2348      0.54%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2807      0.64%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8329      1.91%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       435353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133877                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253234                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54302                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33173                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27941                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251189                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              795153                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             756707                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2414                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 369555                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2413                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253234                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133877                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.159094                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.159094                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.162362                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.162362                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          643228                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         347371                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139323                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003940                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003939563473                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975442341882                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  83696                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   159579                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             7092722308                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4573564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2820.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   236051905                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     450066776                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          1199104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        12096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       470016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      1582080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             4328896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       470016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         470016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      2478720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          2478720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             18736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          189                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         7344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        24720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                67639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          38730                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               38730                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               59943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        23496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        79088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 216402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        23496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             23496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           123912                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                123912                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           123912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              59943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        23496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        79088                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                340314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    45287                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.948075                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      18223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    45302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.402256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.063442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.884632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.003965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.930290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.934255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet           5299                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total              5299                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          1705                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             1705                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            7004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               7004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           7004                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              7004                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        31635                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           31895                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        35134                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          51774                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         66769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            83669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        66769                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           83669                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1285598630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1296980630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2925685920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2329311000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5254996920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2937067920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   3614909630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6551977550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2937067920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   3614909630                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6551977550                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        36934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         37194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        36839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        53479                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        73773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          90673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        73773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         90673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.857531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.953718                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.968118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.922755                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.922755                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43776.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40638.489964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40664.073679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175822.471154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66297.916548                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101498.762313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173791.001183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54140.538723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78308.304748                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173791.001183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54140.538723                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78308.304748                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21412800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1868                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11462.955032                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          35278                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               35278                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        31635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        35134                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        51774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        66769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        66769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      8081400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    891353509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    899434909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2725136800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1894970700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4620107500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2733218200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2786324209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5519542409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2733218200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   2786324209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5519542409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.856528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.953718                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968118                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922755                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.905060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922755                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31082.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28176.181729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28199.871735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163770.240385                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53935.523994                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89236.054777                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161728.887574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41730.806347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65968.786635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161728.887574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 41730.806347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65968.786635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        543464                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4005.759939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         8726939                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        547482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         15.940139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          769.500956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.012292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.000230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    33.737921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.257471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2383.530478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    814.720564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.187866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.581917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.198906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.977969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1240773                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70265                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6046455                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       701911                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                8059404                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          713568                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               713568                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29143                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               29143                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       215477                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               215477                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1240773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6046455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       917388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 8274881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1240773                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70265                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6046455                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       917388                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                8274881                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5884                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          736                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       313805                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       173957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               494382                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        19548                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             19548                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        63939                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              63939                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       313805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       237896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                558321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5884                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          736                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       313805                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       237896                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               558321                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    138484862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21651447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7320072461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5653724541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    13133933311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    559751271                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    559751271                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3332861376                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3332861376                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    138484862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21651447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7320072461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8986585917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     16466794687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    138484862                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     21651447                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7320072461                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8986585917                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    16466794687                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1246657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6360260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       875868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            8553786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       713568                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           713568                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        48691                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           48691                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       279416                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           279416                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1246657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6360260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1155284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             8833202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1246657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6360260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1155284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            8833202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.198611                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.057797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.401470                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.401470                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.228831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.228831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.205920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.063207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.205920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.063207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23535.836506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29417.726902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23326.819079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32500.701558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26566.366314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28634.707950                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28634.707950                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52125.641252                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52125.641252                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23535.836506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29417.726902                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23326.819079                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37775.271198                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29493.418100                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23535.836506                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29417.726902                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23326.819079                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37775.271198                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29493.418100                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              113624                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   113624                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       313801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       173937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          494357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        19548                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        19548                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        63939                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         63939                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       313801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       237876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           558296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       313801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       237876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          558296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    106818034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17560699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5529319797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4683705208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10337403738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1177034239                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1177034239                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2974182838                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2974182838                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    106818034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17560699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5529319797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7657888046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13311586576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    106818034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17560699                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   5529319797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7657888046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13311586576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3931119103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3931119103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6344047504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6344047504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10275166607                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10275166607                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.198588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.401470                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.401470                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.228831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.205903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.063204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.205903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18153.982665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23892.107483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17620.465827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26927.595670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20910.806842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60212.514784                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60212.514784                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46515.942351                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46515.942351                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18153.982665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23892.107483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17620.465827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32192.772898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23843.241893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18153.982665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23892.107483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17620.465827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32192.772898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23843.241893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                          8404                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30288.407689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          542021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         39373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         13.766312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10509.399634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.511561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.053918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                     2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.089709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   150.213694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    52.250244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   8449.590069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  11121.298860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.320721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.257861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.339395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.924329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5695                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          661                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       306456                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       130035                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 442847                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          113624                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               113624                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           93                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  93                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        36358                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                36358                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5695                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          661                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       306456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       166393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  479205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5695                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          661                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       306456                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       166393                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 479205                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          189                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7345                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        43902                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                51510                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        29005                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             29005                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        18031                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              18031                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        61933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 69541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          189                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7345                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        61933                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                69541                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17701173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6916641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    687504502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2318588673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     3030710989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    438280510                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    438280510                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1441300857                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1441300857                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17701173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6916641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    687504502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3759889530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      4472011846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17701173                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6916641                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    687504502                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3759889530                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     4472011846                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5884                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       313801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       173937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             494357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       113624                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           113624                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29098                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           29098                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        54389                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            54389                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       313801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       228326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              548746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       313801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       228326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             548746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.104196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996804                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.996804                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331519                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.331519                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023407                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.271248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.126727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023407                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.271248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.126727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        93657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93468.121622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93601.702110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52812.825680                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58837.332343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15110.515773                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15110.515773                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79934.604681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79934.604681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        93657                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93468.121622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93601.702110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60708.984386                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64307.557355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        93657                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93468.121622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93601.702110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60708.984386                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64307.557355                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks                3452                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                     3452                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        43902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           51510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        29005                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        29005                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        18031                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         18031                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        61933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            69541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           74                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         7345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        61933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           69541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15053282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5879063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    583988982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1701461045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2306382372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1587208690                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1587208690                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1183376297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1183376297                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15053282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5879063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    583988982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2884837342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3489758669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15053282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5879063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    583988982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2884837342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3489758669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3503808565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3503808565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5643478316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5643478316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9147286881                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9147286881                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.252402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.104196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996804                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996804                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.331519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.331519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023407                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.271248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.126727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023407                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.271248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79646.994709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79446.797297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79508.370592                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38755.889139                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44775.429470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54721.899328                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54721.899328                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65630.097998                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65630.097998                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79646.994709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79446.797297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79508.370592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46579.970969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50182.750737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79646.994709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79446.797297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79508.370592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46579.970969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50182.750737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                       591470                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                       746678                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       8541                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                       7195                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  4952                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  7190                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  535154                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     15736                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1338148                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                           787                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   236541                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   298612                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            427                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            360                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                8857                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               6360271                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                16732305                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               6360783                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.630542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16728473                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       16728473                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16728473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        16728473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16728473                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       16728473                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6613470                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      6613470                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6613470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       6613470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6613470                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      6613470                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  82223639966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82223639966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  82223639966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  82223639966                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  82223639966                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  82223639966                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23341943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23341943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23341943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     23341943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23341943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     23341943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.283330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.283330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.283330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.283330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.283330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.283330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12432.753149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12432.753149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12432.753149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12432.753149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12432.753149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12432.753149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       113945                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 37981.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       253059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       253059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       253059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       253059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       253059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       253059                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6360411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6360411                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6360411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6360411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6360411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6360411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  57074024870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57074024870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  57074024870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  57074024870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  57074024870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  57074024870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.272488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.272488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.272488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8973.323402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8973.323402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8973.323402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8973.323402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8973.323402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8973.323402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        71055                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        106875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        71071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.503778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972569892300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       106487                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       106487                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       106487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       106487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       106487                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       106487                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71259                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        71259                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        71259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        71259                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1228923962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1228923962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1228923962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1228923962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1228923962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1228923962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       177746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       177746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       177746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.400904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.400904                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.400904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.400904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.400904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.400904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17245.877180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17245.877180                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17245.877180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17245.877180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17245.877180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17245.877180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           49                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           49                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1011824115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011824115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1011824115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011824115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1011824115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1011824115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.400904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.400904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.400904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14199.246621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14199.246621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14199.246621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14199.246621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14199.246621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14199.246621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1247025                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs         82028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1247041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.065778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        81551                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        81551                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        81551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        81551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        81551                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        81551                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1247273                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1247273                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1247273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1247273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1247273                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1247273                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19825055370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19825055370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19825055370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  19825055370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19825055370                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  19825055370                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1328824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1328824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1328824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.938629                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.938629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.938629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15894.720218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15894.720218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15894.720218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15894.720218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15894.720218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15894.720218                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          412                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          412                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1247273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1247273                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1247273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1247273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1247273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1247273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16020988559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16020988559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16020988559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16020988559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16020988559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16020988559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.938629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12844.813091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12844.813091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12844.813091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12844.813091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12844.813091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12844.813091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1139379                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.984051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                49837958                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1139891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 43.721687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.984051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     31243984                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       31243984                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     18506244                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      18506244                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     49750228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        49750228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     49750228                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       49750228                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1385593                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1385593                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       329326                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       329326                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1714919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1714919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1714919                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1714919                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32812453828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32812453828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9065091135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9065091135                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41877544963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41877544963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41877544963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41877544963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     32629577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32629577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18835570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18835570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51465147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     51465147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     51465147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     51465147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042464                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017484                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017484                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23681.163103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23681.163103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27526.193301                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27526.193301                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24419.546907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24419.546907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24419.546907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24419.546907                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       713107                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           713107                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       508332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       508332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       511348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       511348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       511348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       511348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       877261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       877261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       326310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       326310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1203571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1203571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1203571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1203571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16429195601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16429195601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7864723060                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7864723060                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24293918661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24293918661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24293918661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24293918661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4101867430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4101867430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   6598447595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6598447595                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10700315025                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10700315025                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017324                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017324                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18727.830829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18727.830829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24101.998284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24101.998284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20184.865422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20184.865422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20184.865422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20184.865422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               371490445                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        29314447                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     29314447                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3949382                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     25310658                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        14990752                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    198784643                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             142699003                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           29314447                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     14990752                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             46588180                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       13457340                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            623834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      68192627                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       167876                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         23341945                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2812814                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          34712                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    323790208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.850757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.303168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       278638838     86.06%     86.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         3636564      1.12%     87.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2250800      0.70%     87.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3480445      1.07%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2766105      0.85%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3167264      0.98%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3168940      0.98%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         2477169      0.77%     92.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24204083      7.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    323790208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.078910                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.384126                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       195420937                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     75020940                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         43340697                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       752561                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       9255073                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     269623697                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          182                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       9255073                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       197915971                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       10113833                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     60345804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         41595592                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      4563935                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     261381110                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        18358                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        284179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      2454931                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        10417                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    287532019                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    655067878                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    649889890                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      5177988                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    220432139                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        67099990                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1586206                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1607441                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         16849357                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     38938674                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23468999                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3047925                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1848747                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         249596717                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      2127951                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        235993440                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       525398                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     48149401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     67670147                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       578496                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    323790208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.728847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.478693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    234097833     72.30%     72.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30829776      9.52%     81.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     20940701      6.47%     88.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     13194119      4.07%     92.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10280707      3.18%     95.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7234757      2.23%     97.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      4560482      1.41%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      2174264      0.67%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       477569      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    323790208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         449809     33.10%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        51590      3.80%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        504962     37.16%     74.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       352622     25.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1857988      0.79%      0.79% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    173988975     73.73%     74.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.51% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      1401787      0.59%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.11% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     36893508     15.63%     90.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     21851182      9.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     235993440                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.635261                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1358983                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005759                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    794594452                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    297301418                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    227583851                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      3489023                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      2618948                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1584221                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     233733423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1761012                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3165107                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      8128316                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        46698                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        48838                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4584440                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        64249                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       9255073                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        7520814                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       133359                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    251724668                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2155576                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     38938674                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23469242                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1879682                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         55355                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         8206                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        48838                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1589506                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2826784                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      4416290                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    231899834                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     35883640                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      4093606                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            57234391                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        23349159                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          21350751                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.624242                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             229534364                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            229168072                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        147909701                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        229476543                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.616888                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644553                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     53181186                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1549455                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3960365                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    314714908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.630224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.574058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    246753504     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24491931      7.78%     86.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11999414      3.81%     90.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     12530358      3.98%     93.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      6356016      2.02%     96.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2622832      0.83%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2110453      0.67%     97.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1745090      0.55%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      6105310      1.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    314714908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    104106251                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     198340885                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              49695174                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             30810369                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             199230                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          20746393                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           1259696                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        196407250                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      6105310                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           559764281                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          512318929                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                2812516                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               47700237                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59698989884                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          104106251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            198340885                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    104106251                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.568378                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.568378                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.280239                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.280239                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       458113646                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      248326926                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          2828958                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         1498233                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      106954382                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1496666                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         1171766                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       368136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        67496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1399315352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       234816151                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1635744685                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1399315352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1399315352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1016558                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    157497449                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       161475415                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            37975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        46017                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         8437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        174914419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         37049755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           212057326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           35890                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        23306470                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           23388632                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              58577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        18403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           69951989                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           11738495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              81771127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      69951989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         69951989                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             50818                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7873322                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8072181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            109395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        18403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          69951989                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          19611817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             89843308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                      746678                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                      591470                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                      7195                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      8541                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5416                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 8536                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 535154                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    15736                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1338148                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                          787                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  298612                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  236541                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           360                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           427                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               7955                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60072820632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 130863203                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   249799435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           247620286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               960248                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     17038230                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  247620286                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      960248                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         633024868                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        278786644                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            1602308                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            783743                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    60419103                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  37070836                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 23348267                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59779884976.665596                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             292935655.334399                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004876                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995124                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
