
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  57417                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   101424                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30983743                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489260                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    11.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      682663                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1205895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       197184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              276608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4322                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8165335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    202743543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    535263801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              750863404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    202743543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         202917273                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8165335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    202743543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    535263801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             750863404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          2036                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1562.028356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          2036                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.866405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          215.749757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.207516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.910961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.057654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.374439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.361460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.401846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    414.482106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    902.482617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.052673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000586                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.101192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.220333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.381355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2802                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          223                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          358                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          460                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3846                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1018                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1018                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           39                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  39                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2802                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          223                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          358                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          488                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3874                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1295                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3856                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                712                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           22                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1295                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3168                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4568                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5367611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1911285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123517593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245589923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      376386412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       474192                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       474192                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73581089                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73581089                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5367611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1911285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123517593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    319171012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       449967501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5367611                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1911285                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123517593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    319171012                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      449967501                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1018                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1018                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           68                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              68                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          739                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              740                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.783424                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.842304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.500649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426471                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.426471                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.962111                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.962162                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.783424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.541104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.783424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.541104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73528.917808                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86876.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95380.380695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99955.198616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97610.584025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16351.448276                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16351.448276                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103489.576653                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103344.226124                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73528.917808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86876.590909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95380.380695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100748.425505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98504.269046                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 73528.917808                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86876.590909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95380.380695                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100748.425505                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98504.269046                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           711                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4967257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1790648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116352934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    231974689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    355085528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1408708                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1408708                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69683579                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69683579                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4967257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1790648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116352934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    301658268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    424769107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4967257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1790648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    116352934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    301658268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    424769107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.783424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.842304                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.499481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426471                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.426471                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.962111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.783424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.539919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.089796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.783424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.539919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 68044.616438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81393.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89847.825483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94413.792837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92301.930855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48576.137931                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48576.137931                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98007.846695                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98007.846695                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 68044.616438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81393.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89847.825483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95220.412879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93191.993638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 68044.616438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81393.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89847.825483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95220.412879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93191.993638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      2070.482057                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           93.064659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.327843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.169610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.543074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    554.854068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1379.522833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.002840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.042100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.063186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          128                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           84                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    243                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             329                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  329                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           26                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          128                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           87                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    246                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2373                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3613                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3081                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4322                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4392157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1646348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110258263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222571539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338868307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67205280                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67205280                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4392157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1646348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110258263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    289776819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       406073587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4392157                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1646348                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110258263                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    289776819                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      406073587                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          329                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              329                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          711                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              712                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           73                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.643836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.772727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.901158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.965812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.936981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413793                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.413793                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995781                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.995787                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.643836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.772727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.901158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.972538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.946147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.643836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.772727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.901158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.972538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.946147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93450.148936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        96844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94480.088260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93793.316056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93791.394132                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94922.711864                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94788.829337                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93450.148936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        96844                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94480.088260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94052.846154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93955.017816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93450.148936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        96844                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94480.088260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94052.846154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93955.017816                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3734469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1410634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93863694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    189210036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    288218833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57184052                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57184052                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3734469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1410634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93863694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246394088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    345402885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3734469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1410634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93863694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    246394088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    345402885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.643836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.772727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.901158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.965812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.934647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.413793                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413793                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.643836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.772727                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.901158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.972538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.943958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.643836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.772727                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.901158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.972538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.943958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79456.787234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82978.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80431.614396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79734.528445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79971.929245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80768.435028                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80768.435028                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79456.787234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82978.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80431.614396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79972.115547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80102.709879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79456.787234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82978.470588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80431.614396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79972.115547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80102.709879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1145                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               348.665095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   16033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.002620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.402659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   348.262436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.680200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.680987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32036                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32054                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32036                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32054                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1995                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1996                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1995                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1996                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163854136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163854136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163854136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163854136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163854136                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163854136                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058620                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82132.398997                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82091.250501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82132.398997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82091.250501                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 82132.398997                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82091.250501                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130046878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130046878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130046878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130046878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130046878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130046878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.048573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78673.247429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78673.247429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78673.247429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78673.247429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78673.247429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78673.247429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          237                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.674004                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.586498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019265322000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.509580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.164424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.094349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.572777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.667125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1071                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1071                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1071                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1071                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          274                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          278                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          274                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          278                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5228273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5228273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5228273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      5228273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5228273                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      5228273                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1345                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1345                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1345                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203717                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.206079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203717                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.206079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203717                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.206079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19081.288321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18806.737410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19081.288321                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18806.737410                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19081.288321                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18806.737410                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4358317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4358317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4358317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4358317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4358317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4358317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.203717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15906.266423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15906.266423                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15906.266423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15906.266423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15906.266423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15906.266423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2894                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.275692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.682101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019124897300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.664195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.611497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.850719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.892231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2173                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2176                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2173                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2176                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2940                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2945                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2940                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2945                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34993126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34993126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34993126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34993126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34993126                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34993126                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         5121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         5113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         5121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.575005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.575083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.575005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.575083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.575005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.575083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11902.423810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11882.215959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11902.423810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11882.215959                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11902.423810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11882.215959                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           23                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           23                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2940                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25864711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25864711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25864711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25864711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25864711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25864711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.575005                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.575005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.575005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8797.520748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8797.520748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8797.520748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8797.520748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8797.520748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8797.520748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3145                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               479.119198                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   39839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 12.667409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019081965300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.348616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   478.770582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.935099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.935780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        45557                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          45560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21988                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21988                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        67545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           67548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        67545                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          67548                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7444                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         7446                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          807                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          808                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         8251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          8254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         8251                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         8254                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    708753447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    708753447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79890138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     79890138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    788643585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    788643585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    788643585                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    788643585                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        53006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.140450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.140475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035403                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035445                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.108889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.108889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95211.371171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95185.797341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98996.453532                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98873.933168                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95581.576173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95546.836079                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95581.576173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95546.836079                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          995                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              995                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4527                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4527                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254968578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254968578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76781013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76781013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    331749591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    331749591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    331749591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    331749591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035359                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035357                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87377.854010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87377.854010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95261.802730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95261.802730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89084.208110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89084.208110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89084.208110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89084.208110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106092                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           57040                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        57040                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6217                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        38777                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24551                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       154100                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                267643                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              57040                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24551                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                84178                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          30730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        482829                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1608                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34031                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2861                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             66                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       753290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.649260                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.043980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          671183     89.10%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            9009      1.20%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5305      0.70%     91.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3783      0.50%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5745      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5568      0.74%     93.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5456      0.72%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3371      0.45%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43870      5.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       753290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051569                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241972                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          160127                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       489851                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74679                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4658                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         23973                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        471414                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         23973                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          169577                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         396464                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        62403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69871                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31000                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        450270                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8254                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        18544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          243                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       540800                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1175827                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1175827                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       334560                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          206095                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2118                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            73954                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66934                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30190                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1871                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          967                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            425182                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2140                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           372292                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2361                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142908                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       230148                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          663                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       753290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.494221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.225082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       603834     80.16%     80.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        55691      7.39%     87.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34418      4.57%     92.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22711      3.01%     95.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16319      2.17%     97.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10752      1.43%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6792      0.90%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2340      0.31%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          433      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       753290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            797     33.59%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           846     35.65%     69.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          730     30.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3022      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       281562     75.63%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59965     16.11%     92.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27743      7.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        372292                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.336583                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2373                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006374                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1504071                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       570350                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       359203                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        371643                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4417                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22351                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           65                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          128                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7395                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          126                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         23973                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         356971                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4035                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       427322                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66934                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30190                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2116                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2107                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          128                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1952                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7386                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       364462                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57644                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7830                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84782                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37440                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27138                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329504                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                360200                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               359203                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           250225                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           399604                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324750                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.626182                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149218                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6433                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       729479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.381050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       637718     87.42%     87.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35800      4.91%     92.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13911      1.91%     94.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        15002      2.06%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7140      0.98%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3481      0.48%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2888      0.40%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2265      0.31%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11274      1.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       729479                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       156213                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        277968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67363                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44568                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30694                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           277590                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11274                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1144449                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             878600                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2090                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 352802                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             156213                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               277968                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       156213                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.080666                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.080666                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.141230                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.141230                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          729445                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         418954                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         169130                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.095306                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1095306315948                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6115073585553                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24738                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    46203                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31667969                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4667572                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34587.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   855618346                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1598041449                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3539072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       144384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       945600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10786240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15483008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       945600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         945600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11562944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11562944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55298                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          665                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        14775                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       168535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               241922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         180671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              180671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3231125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       131821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       863320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9847693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14135779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       863320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            863320                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10556813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10556813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10556813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3231125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       131821                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        38857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       863320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9847693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              24692592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   105207                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.468413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   105221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.522766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020571986000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.115465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.352948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18655                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18655                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8083                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8083                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26738                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26738                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26738                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103838                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103865                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99419                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101147                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203257                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205012                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1087000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4605856734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4606943734                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123338784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6707063000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6830401784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124425784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11312919734                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11437345518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124425784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11312919734                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11437345518                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109230                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       229995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       229995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924811                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.926000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40259.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44356.177257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44355.112251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71376.611111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67462.587634                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67529.454991                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 70897.882621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55658.204805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55788.663678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 70897.882621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55658.204805                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55788.663678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       406600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  43                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9455.813953                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56781                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56781                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99419                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       745600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3322233890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3322979490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    102542084                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5478775006                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5581317090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103287684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8801008896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8904296580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103287684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8801008896                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8904296580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924811                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926000                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27614.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31994.394056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31993.255572                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59341.483796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55107.927117                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55180.253394                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 58853.381197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43299.905519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43433.050651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 58853.381197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43299.905519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43433.050651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      31179635                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3569.293813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        50850826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      31183152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.630715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          450.928705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    58.373305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    36.336559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2397.256257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    626.398987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.110090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.585268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.152929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.871410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17515516                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4430420                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19293943                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5275533                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               46515412                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         6935886                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              6935886                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1169136                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1169136                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1085984                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1085984                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17515516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4430420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19293943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      6361517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                47601396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17515516                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4430420                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19293943                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6361517                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               47601396                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       533687                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310274                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21018819                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6729074                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             28591854                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             3                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  3                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        80554                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             80554                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2003650                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2003650                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       533687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21018819                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8732724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              30595504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       533687                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       310274                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21018819                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8732724                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             30595504                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11912596209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6680779622                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 463552089743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 167159177867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   649304643441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2194623893                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2194623893                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58494141026                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  58494141026                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11912596209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6680779622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 463552089743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 225653318893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    707798784467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  11912596209                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6680779622                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 463552089743                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 225653318893                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   707798784467                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18049203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4740694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40312762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     12004607                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           75107266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      6935889                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          6935889                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1249690                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1249690                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3089634                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3089634                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18049203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4740694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40312762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15094241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            78196900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18049203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4740694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40312762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15094241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           78196900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.560541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.380680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064459                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.064459                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.648507                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.648507                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.391262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.391262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22321.316069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21531.870611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22054.145371                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24841.334464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22709.427778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27244.133041                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27244.133041                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29193.791843                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29193.791843                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22321.316069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21531.870611                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22054.145371                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25839.969166                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23134.078277                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22321.316069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21531.870611                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22054.145371                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25839.969166                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23134.078277                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4390904                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4390904                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1363                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       532324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21018818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6729074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28588914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            3                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             3                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        80553                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        80553                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2003650                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2003650                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       532324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21018818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8732724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         30592564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       532324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     21018818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8732724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        30592564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9036417301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4975956746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 344304919145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130125922144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 488443215336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3281116099                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3281116099                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47235204699                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47235204699                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9036417301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4975956746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 344304919145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 177361126843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 535678420035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9036417301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4975956746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 344304919145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 177361126843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 535678420035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10275906947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10275906947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15392674608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15392674608                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25668581555                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25668581555                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.560541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.380641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064458                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064458                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.648507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.391225                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.029493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.065117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.578547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16975.408400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16119.173905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16380.793589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19337.864637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17085.056653                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40732.388601                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40732.388601                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23574.578743                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23574.578743                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16975.408400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16119.173905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16380.793589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20309.943019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17510.085785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16975.408400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16119.173905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16380.793589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20309.943019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17510.085785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        186212                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32346.859250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        32654759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        218718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        149.300739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18993.883504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.058235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   438.088428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   138.254761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5570.849507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7205.706326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.579647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.170009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.219901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       530067                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308033                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21004035                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6577937                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               28420072                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4390907                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4390907                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31258                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               31258                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1822637                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1822637                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       530067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21004035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      8400574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                30242709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       530067                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308033                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21004035                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      8400574                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               30242709                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2256                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          665                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       151137                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               168841                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        69959                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             69959                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       160349                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             160350                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       311486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                329191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2257                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          665                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14783                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       311486                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               329191                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    209217352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     61793688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1382996807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8926154400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10580162247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1779290524                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1779290524                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        92400                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14443252855                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14443345255                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    209309752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     61793688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1382996807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23369407255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     25023507502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    209309752                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     61793688                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1382996807                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23369407255                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    25023507502                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       532323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21018818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6729074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           28588913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4390907                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4390907                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       101217                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          101217                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1982986                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1982987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       532324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21018818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8712060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            30571900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       532324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       308698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     21018818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8712060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           30571900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000703                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.005906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.691178                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.691178                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080862                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.080863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.010768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.010768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92738.187943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92922.839098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93553.189948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59060.021041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62663.465906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25433.332723                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25433.332723                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        92400                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90073.856744                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90073.871250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92738.038104                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92922.839098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93553.189948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75025.546108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76015.162936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92738.038104                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92922.839098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93553.189948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75025.546108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76015.162936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              123890                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   123890                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       151137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          168841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        69959                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        69959                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       160349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        160350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       311486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           329191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        14783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       311486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          329191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    177573737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     52441129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1174496720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6796455184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8200966770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3447968610                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3447968610                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        78400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12149585002                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12149663402                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    177652137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     52441129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1174496720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18946040186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20350630172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    177652137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     52441129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1174496720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18946040186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20350630172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9155546144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9155546144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13708029929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13708029929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22863576073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22863576073                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000703                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.691178                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.691178                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.080863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000703                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000703                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78711.762855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78858.840602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79449.145640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44968.837439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48572.128630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49285.561686                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49285.561686                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        78400                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75769.633749                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75769.650153                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78711.624723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78858.840602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79449.145640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60824.692558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61820.129262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78711.624723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78858.840602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79449.145640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60824.692558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61820.129262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33855852                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         45653                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20744137                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 13111715                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22826                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22826                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21558                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40312776                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               136546341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40313288                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.387130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136524512                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      136524512                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136524512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       136524512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    136524512                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      136524512                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44387092                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     44387092                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44387092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      44387092                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44387092                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     44387092                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 966325193746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 966325193746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 966325193746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 966325193746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 966325193746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 966325193746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180911604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    180911604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180911604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    180911604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    180911604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    180911604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.245352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.245352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.245352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21770.410050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21770.410050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21770.410050                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21770.410050                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21770.410050                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21770.410050                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       328580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41072.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4074310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4074310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4074310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4074310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4074310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4074310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40312782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40312782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40312782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40312782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40312782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40312782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 752588003995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 752588003995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 752588003995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 752588003995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 752588003995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 752588003995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.222831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18668.719117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18668.719117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18668.719117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18668.719117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18668.719117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18668.719117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4741765                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.996341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4349081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4741781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.917183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.996341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4348719                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4348719                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4348719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4348719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4348719                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4348719                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4742481                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4742481                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4742481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4742481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4742481                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4742481                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79340227422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79340227422                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79340227422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  79340227422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79340227422                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  79340227422                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9091200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9091200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9091200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9091200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9091200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9091200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.521656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.521656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.521656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.521656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.521656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.521656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16729.687989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16729.687989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16729.687989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16729.687989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16729.687989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16729.687989                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        23369                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        23369                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4742481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4742481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4742481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4742481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4742481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4742481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64770710660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64770710660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64770710660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  64770710660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64770710660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  64770710660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.521656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.521656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.521656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13657.558282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13657.558282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13657.558282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13657.558282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13657.558282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13657.558282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     18051789                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5434740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     18051805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.301064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.984890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5434655                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5434655                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5434655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5434655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5434655                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5434655                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18062707                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     18062707                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18062707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     18062707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18062707                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     18062707                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 279503319785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 279503319785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 279503319785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 279503319785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 279503319785                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 279503319785                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23497362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23497362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23497362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23497362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23497362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23497362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.768712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.768712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.768712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15474.054901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15474.054901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15474.054901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15474.054901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15474.054901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15474.054901                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        13498                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        13498                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18062707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     18062707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18062707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18062707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18062707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18062707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 224260092271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 224260092271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 224260092271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 224260092271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 224260092271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 224260092271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.768712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12415.641369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12415.641369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12415.641369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12415.641369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12415.641369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12415.641369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              15052963                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.831583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               283181628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              15053475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.811711                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.831583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    183276872                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      183276872                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98466257                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98466257                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    281743129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       281743129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    281743129                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      281743129                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18767685                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     18767685                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4352480                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4352480                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23120165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      23120165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23120165                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     23120165                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 522681498987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 522681498987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114438295886                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114438295886                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 637119794873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 637119794873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 637119794873                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 637119794873                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202044557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    202044557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102818737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102818737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304863294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304863294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304863294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304863294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.092889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042332                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.075838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.075838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27850.078419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27850.078419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26292.664386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26292.664386                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27556.887889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27556.887889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27556.887889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27556.887889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6899022                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          6899022                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6757913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      6757913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        35358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        35358                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6793271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6793271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6793271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6793271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     12009772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     12009772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4317122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4317122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16326894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     16326894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16326894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     16326894                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 290345303409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 290345303409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98518643232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  98518643232                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 388863946641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 388863946641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 388863946641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 388863946641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10729809515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10729809515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15994472617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15994472617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26724282132                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26724282132                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041988                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041988                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24175.754828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24175.754828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22820.444554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22820.444554                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23817.386616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23817.386616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23817.386616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23817.386616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3249983902                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       232691483                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    232691483                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42839543                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    198223502                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       104075393                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1429554842                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1066288956                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          232691483                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    104075393                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            332699922                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      156417737                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          85645251                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     401975343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       716773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2059564                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        180911612                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29584567                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1202188                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2364714046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.843322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.290779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2040654171     86.30%     86.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20595278      0.87%     87.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14836248      0.63%     87.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26642929      1.13%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22969145      0.97%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27826770      1.18%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19790326      0.84%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16926438      0.72%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       174472741      7.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2364714046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.071598                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.328091                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1494144368                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    445040707                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        307128069                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6338607                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     112062295                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1930831625                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          877                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     112062295                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1515914706                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      146717929                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    251826256                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        290552576                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     47640284                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1849196093                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       682366                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7255545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     31984446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       226304                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2008305429                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4599205016                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4599118148                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        86868                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1202944658                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       805360769                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6224853                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6260346                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        147070332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    260868841                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    160993698                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16665206                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14937273                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1712357668                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      9051233                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1545500523                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7817684                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    580456568                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    773067215                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3386746                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2364714046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.653568                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.429318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1789807271     75.69%     75.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    195551392      8.27%     83.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124018079      5.24%     89.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85489605      3.62%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69863257      2.95%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49583994      2.10%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36997778      1.56%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11136868      0.47%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2265802      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2364714046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4541366     41.59%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4193200     38.40%     79.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2185886     20.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18561308      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1146568161     74.19%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.39% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    237619901     15.37%     90.76% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    142751153      9.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1545500523                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.475541                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10920452                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.007066                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5481326052                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2302251011                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1468403454                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40216                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        23080                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20080                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1537839564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20103                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23875981                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     96593816                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       517170                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       431897                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     58145916                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       197303                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     112062295                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       82005440                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1908220                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1721408901                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30263405                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    260868841                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    160993698                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7990059                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        922879                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        74754                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       431897                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14192477                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33804623                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     47997100                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1498072974                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    226173591                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47427549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           363184277                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       157894232                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         137010686                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.460948                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1471377769                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1468423534                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        922970073                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1421987108                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.451825                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.649071                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    638213264                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5664487                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43076397                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2253554879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.480610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.433904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1896112682     84.14%     84.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128503708      5.70%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57908852      2.57%     92.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63677865      2.83%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33544725      1.49%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14975337      0.66%     97.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     12107883      0.54%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7768003      0.34%     98.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     38955824      1.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2253554879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586032029                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1083080503                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267122805                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164275024                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577321                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125378040                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1078512276                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     38955824                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3934599808                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3555126549                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               24473633                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              885269856                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            36194690                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586032029                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1083080503                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586032029                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.545745                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.545745                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.180318                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.180318                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2867998804                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1579511462                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20080                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      706041137                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5310635                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        84000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2840536432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       511951312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3356277312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2840536432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2840536432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    357119790                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364684226                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107508                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        355067054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81082434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           436386288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122509                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51509968                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51691293                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6668                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2515490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       860976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        76691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2593371727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          467404693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3064236244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2593371727                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2593371727                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3436686                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3469543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         326045586                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            332951815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3443355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5985033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       860976                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        76691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2593371727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         793450279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3397188059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33855852                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        45653                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                13111715                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20744137                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22826                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22826                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21434                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3289199690                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268181804                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   512468738                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           510761682                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36586240                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  510761682                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1317201465                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        565195834                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132807831                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81165247                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51642584                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2689824107.489175                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             599375582.510825                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.182225                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.817775                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
