
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 167264                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   295444                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               90546079                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      680509                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1202010                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       195200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              274944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3050                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9033988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    202743543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    529878154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              746346410                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    202743543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         202917273                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      9033988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    202743543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    529878154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             746346410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           486                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2175.321290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.222222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          300.177369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.209869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.147720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.376733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.580640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    538.481087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1297.347876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.073285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.131465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.316735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.531084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2664                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          200                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          735                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1038                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4640                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1271                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1271                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2664                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          200                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          735                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1190                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4792                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2346                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3602                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3054                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4311                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5339555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1826698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120888133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    240973164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      369027550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       950527                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       950527                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73470708                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73470708                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5339555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1826698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120888133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314443872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       442498258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5339555                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1826698                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120888133                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314443872                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      442498258                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1271                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1271                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          860                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              861                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.437030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.823256                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.823461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.473580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.473580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100746.320755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101483.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102796.031463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102716.608696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102450.735702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31684.233333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31684.233333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103772.186441                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103625.822285                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100746.320755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101483.222222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102796.031463                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102961.320236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102643.993969                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100746.320755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101483.222222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102796.031463                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102961.320236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102643.993969                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  65                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       65                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5046655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1728298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114400127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    227971161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349146241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1488129                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1488129                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69587808                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69587808                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5046655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1728298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114400127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297558969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418734049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5046655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1728298                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114400127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297558969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418734049                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.693262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.435938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.823256                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.822300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.472482                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.019507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.082569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.719604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.472482                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95219.905660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96016.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97279.019558                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97174.407928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97174.016421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49604.300000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49604.300000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98287.864407                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98287.864407                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95219.905660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96016.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97279.019558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97432.537328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97357.370146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95219.905660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96016.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97279.019558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97432.537328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97357.370146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1973.017067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           13.176809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.331374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    34.723998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.382636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    546.810157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1366.592123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.001060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     15                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              65                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   65                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     15                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2342                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3587                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                709                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3050                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3050                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4855055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110284784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    219987881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      336773140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67164872                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67164872                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4855055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110284784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287152753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       403938012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4855055                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1645420                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110284784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287152753                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      403938012                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           65                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               65                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              709                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992347                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.995836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992347                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.996521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992347                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.996521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93366.442308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96789.411765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94502.814053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93931.631512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93887.131307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94865.638418                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94731.836389                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93366.442308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96789.411765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94502.814053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94148.443607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94026.539106                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93366.442308                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96789.411765                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94502.814053                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94148.443607                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94026.539106                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4128222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93893103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    187018280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286448850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57138921                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57138921                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4128222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93893103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244157201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    343587771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4128222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93893103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244157201                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    343587771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.981132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.992347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79388.884615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82896.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80456.814910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79854.090521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80058.370598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80704.690678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80704.690678                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79388.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82896.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80456.814910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80051.541311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80165.135558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79388.884615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82896.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80456.814910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80051.541311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80165.135558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1412                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               333.040172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   20940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.830028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.242455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   332.797717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.649996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.650469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32100                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32118                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32100                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2269                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2270                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2269                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2270                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166936449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166936449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166936449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    166936449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166936449                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    166936449                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34369                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.066019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73572.696783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73540.285903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73572.696783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73540.285903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73572.696783                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73540.285903                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          358                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130771441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130771441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130771441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130771441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    130771441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130771441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.055602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68430.895343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68430.895343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68430.895343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68430.895343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68430.895343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68430.895343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          210                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.600676                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.009524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019269132000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.532323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.068354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.095770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.566772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.662542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1089                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1089                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1089                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1089                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          247                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          251                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          247                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          251                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4744494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4744494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4744494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4744494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4744494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4744494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.187313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.187313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.187313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19208.477733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18902.366534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19208.477733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18902.366534                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19208.477733                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18902.366534                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          247                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3960885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3960885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3960885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3960885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3960885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3960885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.184328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.184328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.184880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.184328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16035.971660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16035.971660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16035.971660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16035.971660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16035.971660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16035.971660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2741                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.274166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          2013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.734404                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019126262300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.674206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.599960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.042138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.892135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2176                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2179                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2176                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2179                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2786                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2791                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2786                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2791                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34397448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34397448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34397448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34397448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34397448                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34397448                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         4970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         4970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.561569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.561569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.561569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12346.535535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12324.417055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12346.535535                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12324.417055                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12346.535535                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12324.417055                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           15                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25751004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25751004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25751004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25751004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25751004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25751004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.561467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.560563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9243.002154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9243.002154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9243.002154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9243.002154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9243.002154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9243.002154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3736                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               455.563772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   56513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.126606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.322038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   455.241735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.889144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.889773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44403                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44406                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21869                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21869                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66272                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66275                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8117                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8119                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          926                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          927                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9046                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9043                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9046                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    705829663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    705829663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81331817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81331817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    787161480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    787161480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    787161480                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    787161480                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.154551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.154574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040623                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040665                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86956.962301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86935.541692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87831.335853                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87736.587918                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87046.497844                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87017.629892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87046.497844                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87017.629892                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1256                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1256                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4736                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4736                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4307                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255826748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    255826748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77603806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77603806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333430554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    333430554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    333430554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    333430554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.064509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.064503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040316                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040314                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75509.665880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75509.665880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84443.749728                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84443.749728                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77415.963316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77415.963316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77415.963316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77415.963316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56774                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56774                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6508                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37634                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           23894                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       158522                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                267100                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56774                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        23894                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83692                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31810                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              5716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        487641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1596                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34369                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3015                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             76                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       761929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.641268                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.035034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          680257     89.28%     89.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8908      1.17%     90.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5165      0.68%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3673      0.48%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5601      0.74%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5479      0.72%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5365      0.70%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3493      0.46%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43988      5.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       761929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051322                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241449                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          163580                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       494750                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74221                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4614                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24762                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        470452                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            2                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24762                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          173121                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         396794                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        66189                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69288                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31773                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        448675                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8426                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        19181                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          199                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       536383                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1169885                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1169885                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       329196                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          207153                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2143                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2139                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75873                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66700                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30471                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1865                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          945                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            423187                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2166                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           370067                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2448                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       144191                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       230808                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          689                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       761929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.209665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       611687     80.28%     80.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        57265      7.52%     87.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34311      4.50%     92.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22424      2.94%     95.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16443      2.16%     97.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10635      1.40%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6571      0.86%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2209      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          384      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       761929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            827     35.10%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           811     34.42%     69.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          718     30.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3126      0.84%      0.84% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       279436     75.51%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59588     16.10%     92.46% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27917      7.54%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        370067                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.334528                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2356                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006366                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1508291                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       569660                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       356640                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        369297                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4590                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22651                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          121                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7676                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          127                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24762                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         357690                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       425353                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66700                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30471                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2146                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2082                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           45                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          121                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         2058                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5644                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       361989                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57305                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8078                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84558                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37121                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27253                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327226                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                357658                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               356640                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           246863                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           394267                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322391                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.626132                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       151217                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6722                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       737329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.371724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.303827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       647294     87.79%     87.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35320      4.79%     92.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13393      1.82%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14523      1.97%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7062      0.96%     97.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3362      0.46%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2712      0.37%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2226      0.30%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11437      1.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       737329                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       154059                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        274083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 66840                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44045                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30196                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           273705                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11437                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1150250                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             875575                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2162                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 344307                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             154059                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               274083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       154059                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.180600                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.180600                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.139264                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.139264                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          722853                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         414386                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         168077                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.112831                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1112830535187                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6132597804792                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  50098                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    93576                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               65084262                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4658896                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 17098.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   856588136                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1599995272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3532352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       157696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       962176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     10277696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15000000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       962176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         962176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11075648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11075648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55193                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2464                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          703                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15034                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       160589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               234375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         173057                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              173057                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3174205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       141707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40430                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       864620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9235634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               13479141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       864620                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            864620                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          9952682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total               9952682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          9952682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3174205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       141707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        40430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       864620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9235634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              23431823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   104136                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.464614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      54889                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   104150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.527019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020574782000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.113617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.350997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18667                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18667                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8000                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8000                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26667                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26667                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103839                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103866                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99513                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101241                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203352                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4593719348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4594808348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126687784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6702191000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6828878784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127776784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11295910348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11423687132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    127776784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11295910348                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11423687132                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107513                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109241                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925590                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.926767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40333.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44238.863510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44237.848266                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 73314.689815                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67349.904033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67451.712093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72807.284330                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55548.557909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55696.232367                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72807.284330                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55548.557909                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55696.232367                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       518000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  54                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9592.592593                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56771                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56771                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99513                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       751400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3311239047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3311990447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    105891092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5473181802                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5579072894                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106642492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8784420849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8891063341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    106642492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8784420849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8891063341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.925590                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926767                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27829.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31888.202381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31887.147353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 61279.567130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54999.666395                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55106.852896                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60764.952707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43198.104022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43348.414930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 60764.952707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43198.104022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43348.414930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27648047                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4048.541266                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        61260054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27652100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.215385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  5024349130600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          521.367884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.004507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.120854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.778784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2731.011755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    690.257482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.127287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.666751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.168520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17298539                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4503357                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24778718                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8134878                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               54715492                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8613401                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8613401                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       962318                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              962318                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1540603                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1540603                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17298539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4503357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24778718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9675481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                56256095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17298539                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4503357                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     24778718                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9675481                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               56256095                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       333298                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172548                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19074665                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6005842                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25586353                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54509                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54509                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1842435                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1842435                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       333298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19074665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7848277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27428788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       333298                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       172548                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19074665                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7848277                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27428788                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7520253404                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3742034820                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421331689332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 150559284659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   583153262215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2260471325                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2260471325                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54000695162                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  54000695162                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7520253404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3742034820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421331689332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 204559979821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    637153957377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7520253404                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3742034820                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 421331689332                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 204559979821                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   637153957377                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17631837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4675905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43853383                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14140720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           80301845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8613401                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8613401                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1016827                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1016827                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3383038                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3383038                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17631837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4675905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43853383                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17523758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            83684883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17631837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4675905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     43853383                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17523758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           83684883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018903                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036902                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.424720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.318627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053607                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.053607                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544610                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.544610                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.447865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.327763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.447865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.327763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22563.151906                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21686.920857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22088.549882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25068.805450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22791.574173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41469.689868                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41469.689868                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29309.416702                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29309.416702                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22563.151906                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21686.920857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22088.549882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26064.317024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23229.387947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22563.151906                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21686.920857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22088.549882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26064.317024                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23229.387947                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3834873                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3834873                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1740                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1001                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19074665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6005842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25583612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54509                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54509                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1842435                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1842435                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19074665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7848277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27426047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331558                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19074665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7848277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27426047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5717211858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2789310220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313199386408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 117544207792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 439250116278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2892947857                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2892947857                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43638240222                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43638240222                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5717211858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2789310220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313199386408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 161182448014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 482888356500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5717211858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2789310220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 313199386408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 161182448014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 482888356500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10449741359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10449741359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15603982114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15603982114                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26053723473                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26053723473                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.424720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.318593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053607                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053607                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.544610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.447865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.327730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.036687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.447865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17243.474318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16259.743511                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16419.653315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19571.645040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17169.198637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53072.847732                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53072.847732                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23685.090775                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23685.090775                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17243.474318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16259.743511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16419.653315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20537.303667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17606.925143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17243.474318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16259.743511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16419.653315                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20537.303667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17606.925143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        179104                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32345.194268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29109378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        211589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        137.575101                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18160.592999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.049966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   457.678068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   146.995688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5618.770617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   7961.088727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.554217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.171471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.242953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       329094                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170844                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19059623                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5856173                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25415734                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3834873                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3834873                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4791                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4791                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1668803                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1668803                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       329094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19059623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7524976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27084537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       329094                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       170844                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19059623                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7524976                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27084537                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2464                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          703                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15042                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       149669                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               167878                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74608                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             74608                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       148742                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             148742                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          703                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       298411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                316620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2464                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          703                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15042                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       298411                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               316620                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    228507303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     65298162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1406906928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8779629476                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10480341869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1887847010                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1887847010                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13356295652                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13356295652                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    228507303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     65298162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1406906928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22135925128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     23836637521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    228507303                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     65298162                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1406906928                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  22135925128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    23836637521                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19074665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6005842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25583612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3834873                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3834873                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        79399                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           79399                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1817545                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1817545                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171547                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19074665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7823387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27401157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       331558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       171547                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19074665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7823387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27401157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939659                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.939659                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081837                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.081837                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.011555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.011555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92738.353490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92885.009957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.905864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58660.306917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62428.322168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25303.546671                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25303.546671                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89795.052184                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89795.052184                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92738.353490                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92885.009957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.905864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74179.320226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75284.686757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92738.353490                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92885.009957                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93531.905864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74179.320226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75284.686757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              116286                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   116286                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       149669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          167878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74608                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        74608                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       148742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        148742                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       298411                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           316620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       298411                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          316620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    193968528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55404324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1194735268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6671320238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8115428358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3810716048                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3810716048                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11229852975                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11229852975                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    193968528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55404324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1194735268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17901173213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19345281333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    193968528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     55404324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1194735268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17901173213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19345281333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9311637236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9311637236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13896155699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13896155699                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23207792935                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23207792935                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939659                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.939659                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011555                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011555                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78720.993506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78811.271693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79426.623321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44573.827833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48341.226117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51076.507184                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51076.507184                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75498.870359                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75498.870359                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78720.993506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78811.271693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79426.623321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59988.315488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61099.366221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78720.993506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78811.271693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79426.623321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59988.315488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61099.366221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33322709                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         44934                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20417470                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12905239                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22467                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22467                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21913                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              43853396                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               131977264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              43853908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.009476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5019816620300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131959490                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      131959490                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131959490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       131959490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    131959490                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      131959490                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47961451                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     47961451                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47961451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      47961451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     47961451                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     47961451                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1013530444888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1013530444888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1013530444888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 1013530444888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 1013530444888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 1013530444888                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179920941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    179920941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179920941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    179920941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    179920941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    179920941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.266570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.266570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.266570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.266570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21132.188951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21132.188951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21132.188951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21132.188951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21132.188951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21132.188951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       336667                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 42083.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4108034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4108034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4108034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4108034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4108034                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4108034                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43853417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43853417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43853417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43853417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     43853417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43853417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 788753030776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 788753030776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 788753030776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 788753030776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 788753030776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 788753030776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17986.124793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17986.124793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17986.124793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17986.124793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 17986.124793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17986.124793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4678971                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4389982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4678987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.938233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4389572                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4389572                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4389572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4389572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4389572                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4389572                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4679687                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4679687                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4679687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4679687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4679687                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4679687                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78662266890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  78662266890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78662266890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  78662266890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  78662266890                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  78662266890                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9069259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9069259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9069259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9069259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9069259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9069259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.515994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.515994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.515994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16809.300898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16809.300898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16809.300898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16809.300898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16809.300898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16809.300898                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        31625                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        31625                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4679687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4679687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4679687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4679687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4679687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4679687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64332325900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  64332325900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64332325900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  64332325900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64332325900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  64332325900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.515994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13747.142897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13747.142897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13747.142897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13747.142897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13747.142897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13747.142897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17638024                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5005981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17638040                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.283817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5005679                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5005679                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5005679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5005679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5005679                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5005679                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17648933                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17648933                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17648933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17648933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17648933                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17648933                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 288368309243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 288368309243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 288368309243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 288368309243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 288368309243                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 288368309243                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22654612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22654612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22654612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     22654612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     22654612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     22654612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.779044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.779044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.779044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16339.135586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16339.135586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16339.135586                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16339.135586                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16339.135586                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16339.135586                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        20078                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        20078                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17648933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17648933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17648933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17648933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17648933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17648933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 234534155769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 234534155769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 234534155769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 234534155769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 234534155769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 234534155769                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.779044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.779044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13288.857506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13288.857506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13288.857506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13288.857506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13288.857506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13288.857506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17483719                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.756832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               279669982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17484230                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.995556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.756832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180059574                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180059574                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98464186                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98464186                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278523760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278523760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278523760                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278523760                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21736156                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     21736156                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4429626                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4429626                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26165782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26165782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26165782                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26165782                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 573171085036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 573171085036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114015677409                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114015677409                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 687186762445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 687186762445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 687186762445                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 687186762445                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    201795730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    201795730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102893812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102893812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304689542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    304689542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    304689542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    304689542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.107714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043050                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.085877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.085877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.085877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26369.477889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26369.477889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25739.346258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25739.346258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26262.802405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26262.802405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26262.802405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26262.802405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8561699                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8561699                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7585563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7585563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        55365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        55365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7640928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7640928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7640928                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7640928                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14150593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14150593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4374261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4374261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18524854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18524854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18524854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18524854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 319848238756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 319848238756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97618192264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97618192264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 417466431020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 417466431020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 417466431020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 417466431020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10909852003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10909852003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16215474781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16215474781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27125326784                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27125326784                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060799                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060799                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22603.168557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22603.168557                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22316.499236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22316.499236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22535.477528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22535.477528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22535.477528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22535.477528                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3302815226                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       231359833                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    231359833                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     42959474                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    197033835                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       103758226                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1490114763                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1055246320                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          231359833                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    103758226                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            329564249                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      155823535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          83585583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     397265699                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       738009                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1990298                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        179920949                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30412545                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1198697                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2414600046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.818288                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.260984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2093628300     86.71%     86.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20187654      0.84%     87.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14669262      0.61%     88.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26582620      1.10%     89.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        22738463      0.94%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        27591813      1.14%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        19580718      0.81%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        16801906      0.70%     92.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       172819310      7.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2414600046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.070049                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.319499                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1550146747                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    442166494                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        304632762                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6312654                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     111341389                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1915400762                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1205                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     111341389                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1570982837                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      143260369                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    254232370                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        289148136                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     45634945                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1837385625                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       650137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7547458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     29722189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       210513                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1995908277                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4568324011                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4568232679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        91332                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1203710276                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       792198094                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6203715                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6244219                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        140701038                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    259476716                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    159192294                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16393025                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15148445                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1704615859                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      9007300                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1540591634                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7830824                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    570107963                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    761478877                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3332559                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2414600046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.638032                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.412184                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1838137846     76.13%     76.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    198251593      8.21%     84.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    124627091      5.16%     89.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     85133802      3.53%     93.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     69618685      2.88%     95.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49115024      2.03%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36566999      1.51%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10959449      0.45%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2189557      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2414600046                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4472253     41.98%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4091216     38.40%     80.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2090532     19.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18607478      1.21%      1.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1144218516     74.27%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.48% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    236376283     15.34%     90.82% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    141389357      9.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1540591634                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.466448                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10654001                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006916                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5520917005                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2284127801                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1465043197                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        41661                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        25494                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20449                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1532617292                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20865                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     23212537                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     95085040                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       502702                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       444525                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     56268767                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       199642                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     111341389                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       82686819                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1950762                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1713623159                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29472465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    259476716                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    159192294                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7942688                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        947161                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        74200                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       444525                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14225356                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33842615                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48067971                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1494605937                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    225261548                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     45985701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           361056290                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       157975716                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         135794742                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.452525                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1467934678                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1465063646                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        921761266                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1420581196                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.443580                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648862                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    629783192                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5674741                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43190563                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2304162400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.470357                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.423033                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1947517799     84.52%     84.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    128094122      5.56%     90.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57791800      2.51%     92.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63140383      2.74%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33419966      1.45%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14941135      0.65%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11976724      0.52%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7809158      0.34%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     39471313      1.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2304162400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    586359352                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1083779364                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267315231                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164391673                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577143                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125448638                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1079207036                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     39471313                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3976954898                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3538933340                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26259754                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              888215180                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            31403186                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          586359352                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1083779364                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    586359352                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.632749                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.632749                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.177533                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.177533                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2861323609                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1576648273                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20449                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      703664336                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5323739                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       943200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2847419136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       513383128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3364591992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2847419136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2847419136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    358056979                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       365621415                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107509                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        355927392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81292486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           437456699                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122510                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51641354                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51822680                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2475877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       847568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        75476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2558717654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          461330914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3023454053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2558717654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2558717654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3382567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3414906                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         321753374                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            328550847                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3389131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5890784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       847568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        75476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2558717654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         783084288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3352004900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33322709                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        44934                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12905239                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20417470                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22467                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22467                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21801                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3341824463                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 268827730                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   513729953                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           512016654                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36653290                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  512016654                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1320373160                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        566573240                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   133151912                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81376406                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51775506                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2740972714.385596                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             600851748.614404                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.179798                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.820202                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
