
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 101514                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   180713                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56146369                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489960                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      527344                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        938767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        65920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              283648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4432                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    426783638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    226008816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              972496188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    426783638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         427441916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6582781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    426783638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    226008816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1277937229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.509074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001367752000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.509074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.594317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.594317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249707824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    249707824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250627824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    250627824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    250627824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    250627824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41818.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41818.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177349.306818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177349.306818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175264.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175264.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175264.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175264.212587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1917200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11082.080925                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       651800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       651800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    232742100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232742100                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233393900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233393900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    233393900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233393900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29627.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29627.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165299.786932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165299.786932                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163212.517483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163212.517483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163212.517483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163212.517483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1285                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1464.829825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.763424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           73.821825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.202408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.795083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.143132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.073859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.268297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.235231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    980.265650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    380.024338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.018023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.239323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.092779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.357624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2297                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          419                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4457                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             536                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  536                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   83                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2297                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1631                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          502                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4540                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          908                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3346                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          242                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                244                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1150                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3590                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3356435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211332448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86740805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      302117638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24289973                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24289973                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3356435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211332448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111030778                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       326407611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3356435                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       687950                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211332448                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111030778                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      326407611                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2337                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              536                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          325                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              327                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2337                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2337                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.684250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.428809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.744615                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.746177                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.696126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.441574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.696126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.441574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83910.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 76438.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88869.826745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95529.520925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90292.181112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100371.789256                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99549.069672                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83910.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 76438.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88869.826745                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96548.502609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90921.340111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83910.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 76438.888889                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88869.826745                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96548.502609                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90921.340111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  68                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       68                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           242                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3138677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       638213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198126764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81759583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    283663237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22946354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22946354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3138677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       638213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198126764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104705937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306609591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3138677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       638213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198126764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104705937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306609591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3817297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3817297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7500609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7500609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11317906                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11317906                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.684250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.427400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.744615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.740061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077586                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.696126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.439975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.077586                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.593165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.696126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78466.925000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70912.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83316.553406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90043.593612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85056.442879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94819.644628                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94819.644628                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78466.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70912.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83316.553406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91048.640870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85716.967011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78466.925000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70912.555556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83316.553406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91048.640870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85716.967011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1813.118338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           12.509232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.257655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.240935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1244.748858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    516.361752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.037987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          433                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          110                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    556                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              68                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   68                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          433                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          118                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    564                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1945                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          798                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2790                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                234                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1945                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1030                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3024                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184629604                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77108135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      265195029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     21847038                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     21847038                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184629604                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98955173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       287042067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2884477                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       572813                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    184629604                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98955173                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      287042067                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           68                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               68                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          240                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              242                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817914                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.878855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.833831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.966942                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.842809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.842809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96149.233333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95468.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94925.246272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96626.735589                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95051.981720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94168.267241                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93363.410256                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96149.233333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95468.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94925.246272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96072.983495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94921.318452                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96149.233333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95468.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94925.246272                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96072.983495                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94921.318452                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1945                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3011                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2469277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157290044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     65968604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226216938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18546826                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18546826                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2469277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157290044                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84515430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244763764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2469277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157290044                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84515430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244763764                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.878855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.958678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.839186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.817914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.897213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82309.233333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81502.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80868.917224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82667.423559                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81402.280677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79943.215517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79943.215517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82309.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81502.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80868.917224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82053.815534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81289.858519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82309.233333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81502.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80868.917224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82053.815534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81289.858519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3501                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               437.060894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   18909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.401028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.254191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.806703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.853138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.853635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22274                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          22288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22274                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           22288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22274                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          22288                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4698                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4701                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4698                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4701                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298996329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    298996329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298996329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    298996329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    298996329                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    298996329                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        26989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        26989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        26972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        26989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.174182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.174182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.174181                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.174182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63643.322478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63602.707722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63643.322478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63602.707722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63643.322478                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63602.707722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233683515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233683515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233683515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    233683515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233683515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    233683515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148542                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58289.726865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58289.726865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58289.726865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58289.726865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58289.726865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58289.726865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          107                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.427294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.542056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.259089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.168205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.016193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.635513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.651706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          420                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          423                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          420                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          119                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2316939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2316939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2316939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2316939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2316939                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2316939                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219557                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.219557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.219557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19973.612069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19470.075630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19973.612069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19470.075630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19973.612069                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19470.075630                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1956600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1956600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1956600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1956600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1956600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1956600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.216418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16867.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16867.241379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16867.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16867.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16867.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16867.241379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2329                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.865115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           207                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2329                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.088879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.046036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.819080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.863692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.866570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          323                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          323                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          323                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          323                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2345                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2345                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30825233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     30825233                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30825233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     30825233                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30825233                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     30825233                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.878936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.878936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.878936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13178.808465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13145.088699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13178.808465                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13145.088699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13178.808465                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13145.088699                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23641854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23641854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23641854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     23641854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23641854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     23641854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.878663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10107.675930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10107.675930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10107.675930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10107.675930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10107.675930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10107.675930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1168                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               361.999013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   29116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.928082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.817903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   361.181110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.705432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.707029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        28586                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          28587                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15332                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15335                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        43918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           43922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        43918                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          43922                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2525                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2527                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          347                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2872                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2876                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    194636194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    194636194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27791361                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27791361                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222427555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222427555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    222427555                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222427555                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081161                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77083.641188                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77022.633162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80090.377522                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79631.406877                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77446.920265                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77339.205494                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77446.920265                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77339.205494                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          536                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              536                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1209                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1209                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          335                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94174600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94174600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25613338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25613338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119787938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119787938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119787938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119787938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7787883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7787883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11775371                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11775371                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021366                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021359                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70914.608434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70914.608434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76457.725373                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76457.725373                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72031.231509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72031.231509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72031.231509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72031.231509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  778525                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           40723                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        40723                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6272                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30462                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16343                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       177772                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                192252                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              40723                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16343                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                57039                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        147108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           20                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          788                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            26972                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3886                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             45                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       403436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.888347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.361307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          347544     86.15%     86.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2703      0.67%     86.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2074      0.51%     87.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2849      0.71%     88.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4493      1.11%     89.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4071      1.01%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5428      1.35%     91.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2094      0.52%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32180      7.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       403436                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.052308                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.246944                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          176727                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       154504                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            50797                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3108                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18295                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        345033                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18295                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          181178                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          82843                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        59648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            49471                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11996                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        328205                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7391                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          122                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       361957                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       816683                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       816593                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       226343                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          135581                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          977                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            31404                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        42070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24051                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2204                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1134                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            305262                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1688                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           272852                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1520                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        98853                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       144306                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          857                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       403436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.676320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.444350                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       302432     74.96%     74.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        33475      8.30%     83.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20929      5.19%     88.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17298      4.29%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12015      2.98%     95.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8972      2.22%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5906      1.46%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2003      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          406      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       403436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            675     48.01%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           390     27.74%     75.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          341     24.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2987      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       211850     77.64%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        37327     13.68%     92.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        20678      7.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        272852                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.350473                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1406                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       952907                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       405902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       260153                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        271257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4303                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15323                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8321                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           36                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18295                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          71654                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          923                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       306950                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4729                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        42070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24051                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1264                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           524                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1233                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6191                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7424                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       265124                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        35493                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7728                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               55187                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27538                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             19694                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.340547                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                260968                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               260162                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           171557                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           272060                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.334173                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.630585                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       106711                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          830                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6379                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       385212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.474758                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       318208     82.61%     82.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24196      6.28%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12314      3.20%     92.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10372      2.69%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6152      1.60%     96.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3378      0.88%     97.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1762      0.46%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2424      0.63%     98.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6406      1.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       385212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       109017                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        200226                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42469                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                26745                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22464                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           198377                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              685604                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             632311                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2628                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 375089                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               97328                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             109017                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               200226                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       109017                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.141317                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.141317                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.140030                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.140030                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          514978                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         285008                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         115002                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           668                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.092159                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92158935480                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15093991899666                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31405                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57348                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33412374                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4594156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2758.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    86620808                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     158177512                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1970176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            80768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       101312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5847296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18537408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26614592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5847296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5847296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10506880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10506880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1583                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        91364                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       289647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               415853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         164170                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              164170                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     21378025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              876399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1099318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       842371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     63447955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    201146073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              288790141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     63447955                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          63447955                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        114008261                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             114008261                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        114008261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     21378025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             876399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1099318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       842371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     63447955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    201146073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             402798403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    48715                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.861148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    48730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.027560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.062135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.799013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.253883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.674938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.928822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            979                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               979                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           245                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              245                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            1224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               1224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           1224                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              1224                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16243                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16728                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1528                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          32568                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         17771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        17771                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     20458000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1768374746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1788832746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5478439120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    128274000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5606713120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5498897120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1896648746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7395545866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5498897120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1896648746                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7395545866                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         17707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1773                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32813                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50520                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50520                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.944711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861816                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.992533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.975772                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975772                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42181.443299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 108869.959121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106936.438666                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176496.105670                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 83948.952880                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172154.050602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174429.726249                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 106727.181701                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150023.244604                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174429.726249                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 106727.181701                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150023.244604                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     53504334                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5440                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9835.355515                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32191                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32191                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        17771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        17771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14513700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1572908161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1587421861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5104368272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    109599800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5213968072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5118881972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1682507961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6801389933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5118881972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1682507961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6801389933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861816                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992533                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975772                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975772                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29925.154639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 96836.062365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94896.094034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164444.854124                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 71727.617801                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160094.819209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162375.320285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 94677.168477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137970.422205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162375.320285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 94677.168477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137970.422205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          485                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1986560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          485                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1390803                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3294.106897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2294492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1393862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.646140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          717.433025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.001418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    71.828984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    30.016476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1340.064327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1134.762668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.175155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.327164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.277042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.804225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       354163                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41713                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       502141                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       736545                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1634562                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          877289                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               877289                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        42208                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               42208                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        61953                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                61953                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       354163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       502141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       798498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1696515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       354163                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41713                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       502141                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       798498                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1696515                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32892                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16828                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       609419                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       510204                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1169343                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4711                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4711                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       180932                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             180932                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       609419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       691136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1350275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32892                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16828                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       609419                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       691136                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1350275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    867027012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    474177266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20919893165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27087993654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    49349091097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    212103564                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    212103564                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13263780580                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13263780580                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    867027012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    474177266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20919893165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40351774234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     62612871677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    867027012                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    474177266                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20919893165                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40351774234                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    62612871677                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       387055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1111560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1246749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2803905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       877289                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           877289                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46919                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           46919                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       242885                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           242885                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       387055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1111560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1489634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3046790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       387055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        58541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1111560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1489634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3046790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.548256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.409228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.417041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100407                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.100407                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.744929                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.744929                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.548256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.463964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.443180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.548256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.463964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.443180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26359.814301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28177.874138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34327.602462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53092.476057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42202.408615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45023.044789                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45023.044789                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73308.096854                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73308.096854                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26359.814301                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28177.874138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34327.602462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58384.708992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46370.459112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26359.814301                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28177.874138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34327.602462                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58384.708992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46370.459112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              363041                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   363041                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                77                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 77                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           52                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                77                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       609415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       510203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1169266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4711                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4711                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       180932                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        180932                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       609415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       691135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1350198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32872                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       609415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       691135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1350198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    687492860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    381192412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17475915338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24263136743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42807737353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    311575924                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    311575924                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12254491867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12254491867                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    687492860                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    381192412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17475915338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36517628610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55062229220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    687492860                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    381192412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17475915338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36517628610                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55062229220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    190831254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    190831254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    304702873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    304702873                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    495534127                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    495534127                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.548252                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.409227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100407                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100407                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.744929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.744929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.548252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.463963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.443154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.286568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.548252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.463963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20914.238866                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22722.485217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28676.542812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47555.848835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36610.777490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66137.958820                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66137.958820                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67729.820413                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67729.820413                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20914.238866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22722.485217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28676.542812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52837.186092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40780.855267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20914.238866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22722.485217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28676.542812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52837.186092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40780.855267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        356739                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30681.101138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1149610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        389026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.955098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8139.024959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.142568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.168712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.445600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.243081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   147.674382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    96.728975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9423.917234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12866.755627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.248383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.287595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.392662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.936313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31289                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15563                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       518048                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       319014                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 883914                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          363041                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               363041                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1548                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1548                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        66991                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                66991                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       518048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       386005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  950905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31289                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15563                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       518048                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       386005                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 950905                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1583                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1213                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91367                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       191189                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               285352                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4450                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4450                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       112654                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             112654                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1583                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       303843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                398006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1583                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1213                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91367                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       303843                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               398006                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    148539904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113545564                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8544215295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17833460896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    26639761659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    133049104                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    133049104                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10655521964                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10655521964                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    148539904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113545564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8544215295                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28488982860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37295283623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    148539904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113545564                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8544215295                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28488982860                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37295283623                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       609415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       510203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1169266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       363041                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           363041                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5998                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5998                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       179645                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           179645                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       609415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       689848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1348911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        32872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       609415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       689848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1348911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.374731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.244044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741914                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.741914                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.627092                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.627092                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.440449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.295057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.440449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.295057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93834.430828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93607.225062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93515.331520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93276.605328                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93357.543171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29898.675056                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29898.675056                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94586.272693                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94586.272693                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93834.430828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93607.225062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93515.331520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93762.182640                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93705.330128                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93834.430828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93607.225062                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93515.331520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93762.182640                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93705.330128                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              131979                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   131979                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       191189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4450                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4450                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       112654                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        112654                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       303843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           398006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1583                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       303843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          398006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    126333848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96501243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7256676985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15143905945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22623418021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    332589126                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    332589126                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9056645232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9056645232                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    126333848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96501243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7256676985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24200551177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31680063253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    126333848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96501243                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7256676985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24200551177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31680063253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    168529820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    168529820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    269865764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    269865764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    438395584                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    438395584                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.374731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.741914                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.741914                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.627092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.440449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.295057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.048156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.072306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.149926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.440449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79806.600126                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79555.847486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79423.391213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79209.086009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79282.493275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74739.129438                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74739.129438                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80393.463454                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80393.463454                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79806.600126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79555.847486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79423.391213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79648.210349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79596.948923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79806.600126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79555.847486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79423.391213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79648.210349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79596.948923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1031285                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        30298                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        762                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        439                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                    660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   439                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                92152367                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061583                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         13032                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 89522301                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2630065                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           8268                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           4764                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 297                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1111559                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.997302                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                11061447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1112071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  9.946709                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.997302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11055476                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11055476                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11055476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        11055476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11055476                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       11055476                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1252183                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1252183                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1252183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1252183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1252183                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1252183                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35206204593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35206204593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35206204593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  35206204593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  35206204593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  35206204593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12307659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12307659                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12307659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12307659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12307659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12307659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.101740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.101740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28115.862133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28115.862133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28115.862133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28115.862133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28115.862133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28115.862133                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4469404                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            132                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 33859.121212                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       140615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       140615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       140615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140615                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1111568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1111568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1111568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1111568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1111568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1111568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26557760481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26557760481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26557760481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26557760481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  26557760481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26557760481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.090315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23892.159977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23892.159977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23892.159977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23892.159977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23892.159977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23892.159977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        60518                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.656858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        317190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        60533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.239952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002283861000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.656858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.978554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.978554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       316722                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       316722                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       316722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       316722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       316722                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       316722                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63653                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        63653                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        63653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63653                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        63653                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1128956744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1128956744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1128956744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1128956744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1128956744                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1128956744                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       380375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       380375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       380375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       380375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       380375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       380375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.167343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.167343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.167343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17736.112108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17736.112108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17736.112108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17736.112108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17736.112108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17736.112108                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7089                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7089                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        63653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        63653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        63653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    919289176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    919289176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    919289176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    919289176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    919289176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    919289176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.167343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14442.197163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14442.197163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14442.197163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14442.197163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14442.197163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14442.197163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       395865                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.891246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1696148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       395881                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.284490                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.891246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.993203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.993203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1695694                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1695694                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1695694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1695694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1695694                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1695694                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       398976                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       398976                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       398976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       398976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       398976                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       398976                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6024304095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6024304095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6024304095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6024304095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6024304095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6024304095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2094670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2094670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2094670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2094670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2094670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2094670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.190472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.190472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.190472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15099.414739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15099.414739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15099.414739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15099.414739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15099.414739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15099.414739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       145308                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       145308                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       398976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       398976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       398976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       398976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       398976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       398976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4730981655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4730981655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4730981655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4730981655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4730981655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4730981655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11857.810131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11857.810131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11857.810131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11857.810131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11857.810131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11857.810131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1490816                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.591806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                22111272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1491328                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.826565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.591806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14196540                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14196540                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7856184                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7856184                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     22052724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        22052724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     22052724                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       22052724                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2160383                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2160383                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       291921                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       291921                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2452304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2452304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2452304                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2452304                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92689937996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  92689937996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16024809308                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16024809308                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108714747304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 108714747304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108714747304                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 108714747304                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16356923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16356923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8148105                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8148105                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24505028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24505028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24505028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24505028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.132078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035827                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035827                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.100074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42904.400746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42904.400746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54894.335481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54894.335481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44331.676376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44331.676376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44331.676376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44331.676376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       724892                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           724892                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       910984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       910984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       914224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       914224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       914224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       914224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1249399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1249399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       288681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       288681                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1538080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1538080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1538080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1538080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37683011034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37683011034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14859256090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14859256090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52542267124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52542267124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52542267124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52542267124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    199626019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    199626019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    316866530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    316866530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    516492549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    516492549                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035429                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035429                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.062766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30160.910193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30160.910193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51472.927176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51472.927176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34160.945545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34160.945545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34160.945545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34160.945545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               233636925                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17433911                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17433911                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1868983                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13371364                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9498704                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     60262390                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              80762467                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17433911                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9498704                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             25372105                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7714765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1968411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      92265923                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        16879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       283377                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          997                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         12307756                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1166820                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          27805                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    185870317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.794060                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.213349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       161335304     86.80%     86.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1431141      0.77%     87.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1464597      0.79%     88.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2238966      1.20%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2116331      1.14%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1696836      0.91%     91.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1717780      0.92%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1696133      0.91%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        12173229      6.55%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    185870317                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.074620                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.345675                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        62787292                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     93509387                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         22461591                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1411812                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5700235                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     143673305                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          386                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5700235                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        64975881                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       71056624                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13053511                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         21521120                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9562946                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     139342605                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       136836                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       2662728                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5844791                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       228313                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    157333470                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    362704239                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    361071844                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1632395                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    113890408                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        43443181                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       386021                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       386159                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         20790806                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22682298                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10770577                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3188947                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1927859                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         133440980                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       469811                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        121982197                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       372820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     32111830                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50207299                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       157145                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    185870317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.656276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    133430897     71.79%     71.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20340573     10.94%     82.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13829583      7.44%     90.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7512140      4.04%     94.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5418718      2.92%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2969886      1.60%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1747009      0.94%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       532406      0.29%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        89105      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    185870317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         287772     46.15%     46.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6307      1.01%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        222589     35.70%     82.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       106848     17.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       845546      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     90134832     73.89%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       421770      0.35%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20702444     16.97%     91.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9877605      8.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     121982197                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.522102                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             623516                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005112                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    430346229                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165222368                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118113722                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1088473                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       871740                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       504355                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     121217888                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         542279                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3821761                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5694005                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        32747                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        76027                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2621411                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21301                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5700235                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       51401738                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       760905                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    133910791                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1155495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22682298                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10770577                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       444542                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        345667                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        26649                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        76027                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       905178                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1152606                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2057784                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119956316                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20187333                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2025881                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            29884716                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13273424                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           9697383                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.513430                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             118854724                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            118618077                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         80656187                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        130818289                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.507703                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.616551                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34195806                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       312666                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1904842                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    180213991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.595914                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    148296463     82.29%     82.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12763797      7.08%     89.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4498991      2.50%     91.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5075009      2.82%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2085804      1.16%     95.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1173088      0.65%     96.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635923      0.35%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       779988      0.43%     97.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4904928      2.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    180213991                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     55290465                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      99710340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              25137468                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             16988306                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars               9517                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          11723921                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            399765                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         99183401                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4904928                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           309086441                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          273539546                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 916950                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               47766608                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            43116546                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           55290465                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps             99710340                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     55290465                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.225628                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.225628                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.236651                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.236651                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       243780940                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      132121645                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           835150                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          435630                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       58038642                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        360757                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           52394                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2118592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       376232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       320247408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        52407584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          375217418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    320247408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     320247408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1053381                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     36470703                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        45376116                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       264824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        47029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         40030926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          8263407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            48610313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           17682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         5010270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            5150640                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       165019                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             568518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     22988460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      4082426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3474946909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          568665249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            4071416581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3474946909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3474946909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     85200984                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet          11430047                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         395737025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            492368057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     85366003                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11998565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     22988460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      4082426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3474946909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         964402275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4563784638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       30298                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1031285                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       439                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       762                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  762                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               92152367                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061583                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        13032                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2630065                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                89522301                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          4764                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          8268                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                440                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      276754093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  30265590                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    56582451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            56143725                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               380896                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4680460                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   56143725                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      380896                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         145409693                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         63612675                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             636970                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            317719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    13267083                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   8264224                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  5002859                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             210401981.675821                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             66352111.324179                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.239751                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.760249                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
