
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  81221                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   144835                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               44217474                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     6.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536416                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        76544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        80768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              299648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        74432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            74432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    262108254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    464168296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    276572422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1026079302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    464168296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         464387450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        254876170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             254876170                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        254876170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    262108254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    464168296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    276572422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1280955472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1189                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.714694                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1189                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613789000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.714694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.544668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.544668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1206                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1206                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1225                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    216989848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    216989848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    217762848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    217762848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    217762848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    217762848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1206                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40684.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40684.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179925.247098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179925.247098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177765.590204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177765.590204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177765.590204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177765.590204                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1570600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 149                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10540.939597                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1170                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1170                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       542900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       542900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    202704592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202704592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    203247492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    203247492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    203247492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    203247492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28573.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28573.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168080.092869                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168080.092869                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165916.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165916.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165916.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165916.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1589                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1450.815084                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1458                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.917558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           92.835758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.653878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.844696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.178423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    25.357961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.230192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    932.631916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    384.082262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.022665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.227693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.093770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.354203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2459                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1245                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          462                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4256                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             696                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  696                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2459                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           90                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1245                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3714                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          322                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                323                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4037                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7813065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2949354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230238745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104651939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      345653103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33010872                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33010872                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7813065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2949354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230238745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137662811                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       378663975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7813065                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2949354                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230238745                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137662811                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      378663975                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          696                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              696                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              26                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              414                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.698433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.465997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.076923                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.779661                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.780193                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.481512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.481512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94133.313253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79712.270270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91655.551354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97805.550467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93067.609855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102518.236025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102200.842105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94133.313253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79712.270270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91655.551354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98895.697557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93798.358930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94133.313253                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79712.270270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 91655.551354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98895.697557                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93798.358930                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 114                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      114                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           322                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2746458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216293859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98769947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    325169554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        30000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31225591                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31225591                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2746458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216293859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129995538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    356395145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2746458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    216293859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129995538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    356395145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3184562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3184562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7063466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7063466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10248028                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10248028                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.698433                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.464492                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.779661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.479962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.291339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.668619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.715681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88666.144578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74228.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86104.243232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92308.361682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87836.184225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96973.885093                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96973.885093                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88666.144578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74228.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86104.243232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93387.599138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88567.381958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88666.144578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 74228.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 86104.243232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93387.599138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88567.381958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1798.535290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           14.074744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.777943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.056663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1194.339941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    538.286135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          394                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          120                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    541                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             114                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  114                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          394                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    549                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          950                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3173                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3486                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6882290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202850969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93489325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      305701390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29831418                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29831418                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6882290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202850969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123320743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       335532808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6882290                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2478806                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202850969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    123320743                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      335532808                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          114                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              114                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              321                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           83                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.887850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.854335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.975078                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.863941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.863941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101210.147059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99152.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95774.772899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98409.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96344.591869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95613.519231                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95308.044728                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101210.147059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99152.240000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95774.772899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97718.496830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96251.522662                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101210.147059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99152.240000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95774.772899                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97718.496830                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96251.522662                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2118                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5936729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2131582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173121129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80234606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    261424046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25395070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25395070                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5936729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2131582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173121129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105629676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    286819116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5936729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2131582                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173121129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105629676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    286819116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.887850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.851104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.860719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.819277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.675676                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.843153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.907914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87304.838235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85263.280000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81738.021246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84457.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82702.956659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81394.455128                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81394.455128                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87304.838235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85263.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81738.021246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83700.218700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82585.406277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87304.838235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85263.280000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81738.021246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83700.218700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82585.406277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3246                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.159451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.869686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598617005300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.299721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   444.859730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.868867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.869452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25984                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25975                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25984                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4465                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4466                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4465                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4465                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4466                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315709432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315709432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315709432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    315709432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    315709432                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    315709432                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30450                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30450                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.146667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.146667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.146667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70707.599552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70691.767129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70707.599552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70691.767129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70707.599552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70691.767129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          708                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248086007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248086007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248086007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    248086007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    248086007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    248086007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66033.006920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66033.006920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66033.006920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66033.006920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66033.006920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66033.006920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          114                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.238713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          114                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.938596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598750080300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.103903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.693994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.702420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          627                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          627                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          627                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          627                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4354870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4354870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4354870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4354870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4354870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4354870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          754                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.171731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.171731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.171731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34290.314961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        33499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34290.314961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        33499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34290.314961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        33499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3946062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3946062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3946062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3946062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3946062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3946062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31071.354331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31071.354331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31071.354331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31071.354331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31071.354331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31071.354331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2533                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.264903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619092300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.820842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.096536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          739                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          739                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2550                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35745352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35745352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35745352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35745352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35745352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35745352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.775312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.775312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.775312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14056.371215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14017.785098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14056.371215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14017.785098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14056.371215                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14017.785098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27884195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27884195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27884195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27884195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27884195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27884195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.774832                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.773183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10965.078647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10965.078647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10965.078647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10965.078647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10965.078647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10965.078647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1457                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               367.576829                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   34653                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.783802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.179328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   367.397501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.717573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.717923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31287                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31287                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17346                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17347                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48633                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48634                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2809                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2810                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          452                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          453                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    221115468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221115468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37355708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37355708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258471176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    258471176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258471176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    258471176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17800                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025396                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025449                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78716.791741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78688.778648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82645.371681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82462.931567                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79261.323520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79212.741649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79261.323520                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79212.741649                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          696                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              696                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1290                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112535568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112535568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34729229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34729229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147264797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147264797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147264797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147264797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3323233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3323233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7329535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7329535                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652768                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652768                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024666                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024663                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73456.637076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73456.637076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79109.861048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79109.861048                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74715.777270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74715.777270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74715.777270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74715.777270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44430                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44430                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6867                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33260                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18103                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       197412                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44430                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18103                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62914                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4983                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        164583                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          747                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30440                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4026                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             84                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       451673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.875640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.348678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          390078     86.36%     86.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2840      0.63%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2451      0.54%     87.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3352      0.74%     88.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5049      1.12%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3764      0.83%     90.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5812      1.29%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2799      0.62%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35528      7.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       451673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050665                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241942                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          197440                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174514                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57127                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20431                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        379753                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20431                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          202637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         106094                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55195                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54066                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13247                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        360417                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          103                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       397516                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       900434                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       900276                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          158                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244176                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153271                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1103                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36435                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47256                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27439                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3128                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1309                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            335459                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1767                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           297881                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1593                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112255                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       166914                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          876                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       451673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.659506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.431355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341198     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36612      8.11%     83.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23761      5.26%     88.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18170      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12869      2.85%     95.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9781      2.17%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6583      1.46%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2234      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          465      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       451673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            754     49.70%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           380     25.05%     74.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          383     25.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3250      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229845     77.16%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41387     13.89%     92.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23389      7.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        297881                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339681                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1517                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005093                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1051525                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       449558                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       283794                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           62                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296117                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             31                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5130                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17788                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          154                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9591                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           27                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20431                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91442                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          977                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       337226                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47256                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27439                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1379                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1444                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6597                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8041                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289094                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39306                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29687                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22327                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329661                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                284633                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               283812                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186727                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297157                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323638                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628378                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120508                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6966                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       431331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.435881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       356998     82.77%     82.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27559      6.39%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13787      3.20%     92.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11698      2.71%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6753      1.57%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3348      0.78%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1987      0.46%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2797      0.65%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6404      1.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       431331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117739                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47298                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29452                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24018                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214746                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              762004                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             695048                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2715                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 425270                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.448195                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.448195                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134261                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134261                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          560510                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         309912                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126560                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.047172                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3047171501943                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10646234655453                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27678                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    48231                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               27932923                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5285532                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                109088.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3019370187                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5261512000                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1822272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6615424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1235264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     94798144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    464183936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           568667840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     94798144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       94798144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    256708160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        256708160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        28473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       103366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1481221                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7252874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              8885435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        4011065                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             4011065                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       598021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                4201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2171005                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     31110210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    152332724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              186621541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     31110210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          31110210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         84244736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              84244736                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         84244736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       598021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               4201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2171005                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     31110210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    152332724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             270866277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    29118                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.988597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    29134                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.004496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.872147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.116449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.992009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.007278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            20                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               20                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             69                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                69                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          407                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             559                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28480                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          257                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          28737                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            29296                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28887                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          409                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           29296                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     16691000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      7133656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23824656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5141033440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     20304000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5161337440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5157724440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     27437656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5185162096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5157724440                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     27437656                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5185162096                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          29365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         29365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.756219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.919408                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.927798                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999305                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.997650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41009.828010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 46931.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42620.135957                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180513.814607                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 79003.891051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179605.993667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178548.289542                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67084.733496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176992.152376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178548.289542                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67084.733496                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176992.152376                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     34414900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                3337                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10313.125562                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28647                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28647                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11702800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      5245900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16948700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4797919916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     17152700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4815072616                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4809622716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22398600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4832021316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4809622716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22398600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4832021316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.756219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.919408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.927798                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999305                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28753.808354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34512.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30319.677996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168466.289185                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 66742.023346                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167556.551345                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166497.826566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54764.303178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164937.920399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166497.826566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54764.303178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164937.920399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          445                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1822720                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          445                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      41694463                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2976.362229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       113524930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      41697874                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.722559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          697.786130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   113.913967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    35.591184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    639.210882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1489.859993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.170358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.008689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.156057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.363735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.726651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45295223                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3414990                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13212679                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     29180108                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               91103000                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        30137654                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             30137654                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2154989                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             2154989                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7468111                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              7468111                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45295223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3414990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13212679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     36648219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                98571111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     45295223                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3414990                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13212679                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     36648219                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               98571111                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1684173                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       580197                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10137163                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     21577935                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             33979468                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        30186                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             30186                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6556516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            6556516                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1684173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       580197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10137163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     28134451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              40535984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1684173                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       580197                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10137163                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     28134451                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             40535984                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  44821011311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  14274678480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 339967873317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 814895905764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1213959468872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    239083105                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    239083105                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 388183857503                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 388183857503                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  44821011311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  14274678480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 339967873317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1203079763267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1602143326375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  44821011311                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  14274678480                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 339967873317                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1203079763267                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1602143326375                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46979396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3995187                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23349842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     50758043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          125082468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     30137654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         30137654                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2185175                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2185175                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14024627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         14024627                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46979396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3995187                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23349842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     64782670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           139107095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46979396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3995187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23349842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     64782670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          139107095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145224                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.425114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.271657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013814                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.013814                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.467500                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.434290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.291401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.434290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.291401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26613.068438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24603.158031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33536.786704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37765.240546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35726.264722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7920.330782                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7920.330782                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59205.812584                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59205.812584                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26613.068438                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24603.158031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33536.786704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42761.799875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39523.977668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26613.068438                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24603.158031                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33536.786704                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42761.799875                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39523.977668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            13908504                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 13908504                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              1224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          558                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               1224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          558                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              1224                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1683615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       579621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10137153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21577855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33978244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        30186                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        30186                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6556516                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       6556516                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1683615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       579621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10137153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     28134371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         40534760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1683615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       579621                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10137153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     28134371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        40534760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  35684823526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  11050617155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 282524193408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 694255330642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1023514964731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1129041652                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1129041652                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 351601878843                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 351601878843                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  35684823526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  11050617155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 282524193408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1045857209485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1375116843574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  35684823526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  11050617155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 282524193408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1045857209485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1375116843574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    171593286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    171593286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    400827225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    400827225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    572420511                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    572420511                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.425112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.271647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013814                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013814                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.467500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.434289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.291392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.434142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.434289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21195.358515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19065.246351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27870.171577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32174.436738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30122.656272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37402.824223                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37402.824223                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53626.328197                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53626.328197                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21195.358515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19065.246351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27870.171577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37173.648186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33924.385973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21195.358515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19065.246351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27870.171577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37173.648186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33924.385973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       8830755                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32335.498245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        39030330                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       8863477                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.403501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  8117430672000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11227.159956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.058958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.412122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.005161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   544.628114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   135.705815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6364.228723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14063.298840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.342626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.194221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.429178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1580249                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       560320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8655931                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17407309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               28203809                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        13908504                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             13908504                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        22076                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               22076                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3473466                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              3473466                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1580249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       560320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8655931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     20880775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                31677275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1580249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       560320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8655931                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     20880775                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               31677275                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       103366                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19301                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1481222                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4170546                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              5774435                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8292                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8292                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3082868                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3082868                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       103366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1481222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7253414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               8857303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       103366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19301                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1481222                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7253414                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              8857303                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9636169827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1827349035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 138396460368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 390409852151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   540269831381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79931651                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     79931651                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 286172789776                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 286172789776                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9636169827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1827349035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 138396460368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 676582641927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    826442621157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9636169827                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1827349035                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 138396460368                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 676582641927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   826442621157                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1683615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       579621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10137153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21577855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           33978244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     13908504                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         13908504                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        30368                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           30368                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6556334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          6556334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1683615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       579621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10137153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28134189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            40534578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1683615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       579621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10137153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28134189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           40534578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.193279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.169945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273051                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.273051                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.470212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.470212                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.218512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.218512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93223.785645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94676.391638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93433.975709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93611.208736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93562.371276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9639.610589                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9639.610589                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92826.806005                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92826.806005                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93223.785645                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94676.391638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93433.975709                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93277.819511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93306.350834                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93223.785645                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94676.391638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93433.975709                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93277.819511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93306.350834                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             3982418                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  3982418                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       103366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1481222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4170546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5774435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8292                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8292                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3082868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3082868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       103366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1481222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7253414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          8857303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       103366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1481222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7253414                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         8857303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8186281010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1557576082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117510435340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 331674763640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 458929056072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    646886326                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    646886326                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 242005916376                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 242005916376                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8186281010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1557576082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117510435340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 573680680016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 700934972448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8186281010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1557576082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117510435340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 573680680016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 700934972448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    153026312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    153026312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    352438206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    352438206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    505464518                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    505464518                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.193279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.169945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.273051                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273051                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.470212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.470212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.218512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79197.037807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80699.242630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79333.439106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79527.899618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79476.010393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78013.305113                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78013.305113                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78500.252484                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78500.252484                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79197.037807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80699.242630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79333.439106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79091.125919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79136.388633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79197.037807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80699.242630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79333.439106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79091.125919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79136.388633                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         2622                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6408                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         45                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         66                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    66                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   23707                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       111                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        9030                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            36                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6884                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    16823                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             15                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             22                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  37                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              23349930                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               740749784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              23350442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.723159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    740741961                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      740741961                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    740741961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       740741961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    740741961                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      740741961                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25303691                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     25303691                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25303691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      25303691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25303691                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     25303691                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 663499423417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 663499423417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 663499423417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 663499423417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 663499423417                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 663499423417                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    766045652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    766045652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    766045652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    766045652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    766045652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    766045652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26221.448223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26221.448223                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26221.448223                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26221.448223                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26221.448223                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26221.448223                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     15383727                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            383                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40166.389034                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1953635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1953635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1953635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1953635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1953635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1953635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23350056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23350056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23350056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23350056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23350056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23350056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 516528620832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 516528620832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 516528620832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 516528620832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 516528620832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 516528620832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030481                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22121.087026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22121.087026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22121.087026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22121.087026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22121.087026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22121.087026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      3996472                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      13529969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      3996488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.385465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13529761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     13529761                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13529761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     13529761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13529761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     13529761                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3996680                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      3996680                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3996680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      3996680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3996680                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      3996680                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  66670461006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  66670461006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  66670461006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  66670461006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  66670461006                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  66670461006                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17526441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17526441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17526441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     17526441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17526441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     17526441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.228037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.228037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.228037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16681.460864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16681.460864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16681.460864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16681.460864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16681.460864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16681.460864                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7090                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7090                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3996680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3996680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3996680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3996680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3996680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3996680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  53974827611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53974827611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  53974827611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  53974827611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  53974827611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  53974827611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228037                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228037                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13504.915983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13504.915983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13504.915983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13504.915983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13504.915983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13504.915983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     47010731                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      91737127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     47010747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.951408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91736771                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     91736771                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91736771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     91736771                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91736771                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     91736771                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47020265                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     47020265                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47020265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     47020265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47020265                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     47020265                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 594411206770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 594411206770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 594411206770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 594411206770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 594411206770                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 594411206770                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    138757036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    138757036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    138757036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    138757036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    138757036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    138757036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.338868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.338868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.338868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12641.596273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12641.596273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12641.596273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12641.596273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12641.596273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12641.596273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       701460                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       701460                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47020265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     47020265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47020265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     47020265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     47020265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     47020265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 446939648786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 446939648786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 446939648786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 446939648786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 446939648786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 446939648786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9505.255846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9505.255846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9505.255846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9505.255846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9505.255846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9505.255846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              64781771                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999055                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1488380509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              64782283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.975117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1095734698                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1095734698                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    390111023                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     390111023                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1485845721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1485845721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1485845721                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1485845721                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     80511976                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     80511976                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16251667                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     16251667                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     96763643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      96763643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     96763643                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     96763643                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2440321681259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2440321681259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 579371042301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 579371042301                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3019692723560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 3019692723560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3019692723560                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 3019692723560                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1176246674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1176246674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    406362690                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    406362690                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1582609364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1582609364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1582609364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1582609364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039993                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039993                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30310.045816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30310.045816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35649.945467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35649.945467                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31206.893725                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31206.893725                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31206.893725                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31206.893725                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     29429104                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         29429104                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     29735918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     29735918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        76490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        76490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     29812408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     29812408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     29812408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     29812408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50776058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     50776058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16175177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     16175177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     66951235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     66951235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     66951235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     66951235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1184829843935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1184829843935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 517657782225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 517657782225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1702487626160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1702487626160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1702487626160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1702487626160                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    178999220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    178999220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    419050642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    419050642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    598049862                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    598049862                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039805                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039805                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23334.419618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23334.419618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32003.222112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32003.222112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25428.771047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25428.771047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25428.771047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25428.771047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              9150665171                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       895193589                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    895193589                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     95685161                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    648269595                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       525137925                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2952864255                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            4947829640                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          895193589                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    525137925                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1467525687                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      512768450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         129247941                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2870334015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       150740                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2802512                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         4675                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        766045991                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     47005963                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1879391                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   7837648995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.108525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.551037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      6394598790     81.59%     81.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        89221814      1.14%     82.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        87321306      1.11%     83.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       132556947      1.69%     85.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        99925399      1.27%     86.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       120795262      1.54%     88.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        91137723      1.16%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7       100544441      1.28%     90.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       721547313      9.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   7837648995                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.097828                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.540707                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      3060789139                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2952713695                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1352035305                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     57391686                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     414719170                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    8482764380                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         3510                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     414719170                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3186328770                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     2373228838                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     70693262                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1273066291                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    519612664                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    8243985668                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      4858503                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      89700757                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    400082082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      3180253                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   9222643395                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  20791801709                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  20722213329                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     69588380                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5920591205                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3302052155                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      4210490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      4210392                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1128399684                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1602947773                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    644514404                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    105357103                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     70723502                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        7880734844                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      7556894                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6872912950                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     15930189                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2560051766                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3823293295                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3051200                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   7837648995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.876910                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.499128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   5035117956     64.24%     64.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1   1016997049     12.98%     77.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    704842650      8.99%     86.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    432522046      5.52%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    299839013      3.83%     95.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    194247417      2.48%     98.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    108013672      1.38%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     38564242      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7504950      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   7837648995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9417319     29.02%     29.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        46747      0.14%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      13746278     42.35%     71.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      9244727     28.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     46887095      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   4927952825     71.70%     72.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     10936155      0.16%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1358300395     19.76%     92.31% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    528836480      7.69%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6872912950                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.751083                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           32455071                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  21626641613                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes  10412844275                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6649225603                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     42115061                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     36756406                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     19420362                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6837493172                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       20987754                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    146890235                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    548184845                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1183671                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1315673                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    238157691                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       322648                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           27                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     414719170                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1674179389                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     36733672                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   7888291738                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     45153227                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1602947773                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    644514429                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      6952997                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      14337649                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      4366014                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1315673                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     65922328                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     37049651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts    102971979                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6763255732                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1323532672                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    109657218                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1842536188                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       649151505                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         519003516                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.739100                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6689043643                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6668645965                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4669489152                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       7251032670                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.728761                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.643976                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2667049199                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4505694                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     96000189                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   7423845077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.703835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.760805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   5808284634     78.24%     78.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    555117901      7.48%     85.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    250865197      3.38%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    304653410      4.10%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    113064064      1.52%     94.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     66467658      0.90%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     49616131      0.67%     96.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     34149676      0.46%     96.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    241626406      3.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   7423845077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2999762291                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    5225158837                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1461119656                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads           1054762916                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             243704                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         549075900                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          15180419                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       5193384559                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    241626406                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         15073356732                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        16200804468                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26835144                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1313016176                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2999762291                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           5225158837                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2999762291                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.050463                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.050463                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.327819                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.327819                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     13127382726                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     7405997942                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18480081                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        14375256                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3262071997                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       4003618                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            8888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       553832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       225800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       194906984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        32903286                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          228601190                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    194906984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     194906984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         5102                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     24039981                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        25277979                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        69229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        28225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         24363373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          5173578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            29634981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3240408                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3259884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               2917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       181753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        74102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           63963247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           10797976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              75020782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      63963247                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         63963247                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       404603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1674                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           7889277                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8295555                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       405391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              4591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       181753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        74102                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          63963247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          18687254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             83316337                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6408                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        2622                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        66                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        45                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   44                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  23707                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      111                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       9030                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           36                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   16823                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6884                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            22                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            15                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 46                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     9147834016                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  18534786                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    34451419                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            34313922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                30625                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2769816                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   34313922                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       30625                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          89617165                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         39320828                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              45815                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             18806                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     8435831                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   5188341                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3247490                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             9107557712.503727                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             40276303.496273                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004403                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995597                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
