
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  60922                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   108630                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33149252                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491100                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536698                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        80064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        80960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              304128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        78400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            78400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    274161727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    277229884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1041420086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466359837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        268463722                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             268463722                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        268463722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    274161727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    277229884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1309883808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1253                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.704524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613978000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.704524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.544033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.544033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1262                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1262                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1282                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1282                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229209840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    229209840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230049840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    230049840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230049840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    230049840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        42000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        42000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 181624.278922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181624.278922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179446.053042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179446.053042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179446.053042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179446.053042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1340500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9309.027778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1233                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1233                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       593700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       593700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    214165292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214165292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    214758992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214758992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    214758992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214758992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        29685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        29685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169703.083994                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169703.083994                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167518.714509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167518.714509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167518.714509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167518.714509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           300                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1838.658954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              95                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.316667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          111.650906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.937296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.559641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.169266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1168.912154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    507.429824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.027259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.285379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.123884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.448891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2460                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1610                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          676                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4843                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             898                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  898                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2460                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1610                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          804                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4971                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          962                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3241                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3556                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7776736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2884784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223529283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103387720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337578523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32771370                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32771370                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7776736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2884784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223529283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136159090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       370349893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7776736                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2884784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223529283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136159090                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      370349893                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          898                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              898                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          442                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              443                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.587302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.400915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.710407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.711061                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.417028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.417028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108010.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110953.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103056.377593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107471.642412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104158.754397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104367.420382                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104036.095238                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108010.222222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110953.230769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103056.377593                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106707.750784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104147.888920                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108010.222222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110953.230769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103056.377593                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106707.750784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104147.888920                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  31                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       31                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7380283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2742184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211552717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98117016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319792200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31028870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31028870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7380283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2742184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211552717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129145886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350821070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7380283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2742184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211552717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129145886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350821070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7060615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7060615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10242916                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10242916                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.587302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.710407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.415504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102503.930556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105468.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97534.678193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101992.740125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99037.534841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98818.057325                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98818.057325                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102503.930556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105468.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97534.678193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101211.509404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99018.083545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102503.930556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105468.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97534.678193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101211.509404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99018.083545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1785.279363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.792177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.681085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.248268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1198.477649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    532.080320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     53                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              31                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   31                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           42                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     53                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          953                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3188                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3502                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7111283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2652972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203680027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94646811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      308091093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29881427                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29881427                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7111283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2652972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203680027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124528238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       337972520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7111283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2652972                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203680027                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124528238                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      337972520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           31                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               31                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.983647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.985091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.985091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101589.757143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102037.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95759.298072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99314.597062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96640.869824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95467.817891                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95163.780255                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101589.757143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102037.384615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95759.298072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98363.537125                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96508.429469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101589.757143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102037.384615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95759.298072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98363.537125                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96508.429469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6138959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2292145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173805158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81363485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263599747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25434444                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25434444                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6138959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2292145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173805158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106797929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289034191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6138959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2292145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173805158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106797929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289034191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.981435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87699.414286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88159.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81713.755524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85376.164743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82997.401448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81260.204473                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81260.204473                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87699.414286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88159.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81713.755524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84358.553712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82841.556606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87699.414286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88159.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81713.755524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84358.553712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82841.556606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3268                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.563322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.796512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598617182300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.299378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.263944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26139                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26148                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26139                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26148                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4454                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4455                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4454                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4455                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    314456797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    314456797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    314456797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    314456797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    314456797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    314456797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.145574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.145574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.145574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70600.987203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70585.139618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70600.987203                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70585.139618                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70600.987203                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70585.139618                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246223033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    246223033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246223033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246223033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246223033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246223033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65155.605451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65155.605451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65155.605451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65155.605451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65155.605451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65155.605451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          110                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.089450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.418182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598747938000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.954942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.684684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.693091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          408                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          408                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4444347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4444347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4444347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4444347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4444347                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4444347                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.231638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.235955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.231638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.235955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.231638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.235955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36132.902439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35272.595238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36132.902439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35272.595238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36132.902439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35272.595238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4048013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4048013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4048013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4048013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4048013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4048013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.231638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.231638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.231638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32910.674797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32910.674797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32910.674797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32910.674797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32910.674797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32910.674797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2523                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.916687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.272295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619405300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.819288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.097399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          756                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          756                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          756                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          756                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2540                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2540                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36922566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36922566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36922566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36922566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36922566                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36922566                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.770631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.770631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.770631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14576.615081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14536.443307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14576.615081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14536.443307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14576.615081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14536.443307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29098861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29098861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29098861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29098861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29098861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29098861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11487.904066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11487.904066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11487.904066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11487.904066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11487.904066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11487.904066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1825                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               234.685821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   42089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.062466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598543281300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.364748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   234.321073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.915317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.916741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31404                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31404                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17348                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17349                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48752                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48753                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2955                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2956                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          461                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          462                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3416                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3418                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    225519748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    225519748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37820577                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37820577                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263340325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    263340325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263340325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    263340325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.086030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76318.019628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76292.201624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82040.297180                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81862.720779                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77090.259075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77045.150673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77090.259075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77045.150673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          898                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              898                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115719857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115719857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35176918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35176918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    150896775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150896775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    150896775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150896775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3325209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3325209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652149                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652149                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025212                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025209                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70647.043346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70647.043346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78345.028953                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78345.028953                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72303.198371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72303.198371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72303.198371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72303.198371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876716                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44600                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44600                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6855                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32670                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18069                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       198204                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212826                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44600                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18069                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62957                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4440                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        168306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          323                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30593                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4036                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             73                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       454972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.870119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.341982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          393345     86.45%     86.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2776      0.61%     87.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2482      0.55%     87.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3350      0.74%     88.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5043      1.11%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3737      0.82%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5923      1.30%     91.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2833      0.62%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35483      7.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       454972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050872                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242754                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          196286                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178969                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57038                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2221                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20455                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        380312                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20455                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          201482                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         110345                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55007                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54060                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13620                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        361679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       399010                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       904485                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       904335                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154190                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1081                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1076                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36869                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47711                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27471                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3188                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1366                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336307                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1763                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           298306                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       167798                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          872                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       454972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.655658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.425398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       343899     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37211      8.18%     83.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23659      5.20%     88.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18263      4.01%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12970      2.85%     95.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9837      2.16%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6461      1.42%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2219      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          453      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       454972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            729     48.12%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           416     27.46%     75.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          370     24.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3239      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229923     77.08%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41772     14.00%     92.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23362      7.83%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        298306                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.340254                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1515                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005079                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1055912                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       450151                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284575                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5242                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18066                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9611                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20455                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94576                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1023                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       338070                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47711                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27471                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1377                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           538                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1482                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6480                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7962                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289775                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39677                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8531                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29696                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22347                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330523                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285353                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               284592                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187122                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297650                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324611                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628665                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120874                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6895                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       434606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.432022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       360160     82.87%     82.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27551      6.34%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13776      3.17%     92.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11742      2.70%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6843      1.57%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3359      0.77%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1966      0.45%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2814      0.65%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6395      1.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       434606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       118021                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        217150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47470                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29613                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24078                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           215185                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6395                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              766092                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             696736                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2643                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 421744                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             118021                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               217150                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       118021                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.428475                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.428475                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134617                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134617                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          562034                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         310901                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127005                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.133010                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2133010245609                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9732073399119                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20740                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36164                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22063821                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5012628                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 96674.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2004996101                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3496164457                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1469568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4378816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       848768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     61461632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    304535104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           372695168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     61461632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       61461632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    170576128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        170576128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        22962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       960338                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4758361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5823362                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2665252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2665252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       688964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2052881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       397920                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     28814504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    142772453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              174727322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     28814504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          28814504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         79969671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              79969671                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         79969671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       688964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2052881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       397920                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     28814504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    142772453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             254696993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23424                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.987961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.011331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             372                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23064                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23398                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23436                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet       677176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15601176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4071420120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1964000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4073384120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4086344120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      2641176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4088985296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4086344120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      2641176                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4088985296                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           26                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.989362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999913                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41687.150838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48369.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41938.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176710.942708                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 81833.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176612.214707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174645.017523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 69504.631579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174474.539000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174645.017523                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 69504.631579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174474.539000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     26438900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2492                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10609.510433                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23056                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23056                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10562600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       503800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11066400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3793786064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1670400                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3795456464                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3804348664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2174200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3806522864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3804348664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2174200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3806522864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999913                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29504.469274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29748.387097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164660.853472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet        69600                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164561.934790                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162592.899564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 57215.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162422.037208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162592.899564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 57215.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162422.037208                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          360                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1474560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          360                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      20099614                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4051.913046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       104806154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      20103691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          5.213279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7624938943300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1016.904497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.005228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.002712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   146.465445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    45.932043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    904.735156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1937.867964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.248268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.220883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.473112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.989237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30735832                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2450736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10780073                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     32123965                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               76090606                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        32521570                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             32521570                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1029037                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1029037                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14636204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             14636204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30735832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2450736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10780073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     46760169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                90726810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30735832                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2450736                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10780073                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     46760169                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               90726810                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431693                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144579                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4588720                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11118968                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             16283960                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8877                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8877                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3802877                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3802877                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4588720                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     14921845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              20086837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431693                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144579                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4588720                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     14921845                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             20086837                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14916722293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4278076589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 177583343379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 463504669173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   660282811434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    140506623                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    140506623                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 247952524139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 247952524139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14916722293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4278076589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 177583343379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 711457193312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    908235335573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14916722293                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4278076589                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 177583343379                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 711457193312                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   908235335573                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31167525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2595315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15368793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     43242933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           92374566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     32521570                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         32521570                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1037914                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1037914                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18439081                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         18439081                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31167525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2595315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15368793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     61682014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           110813647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31167525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2595315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15368793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     61682014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          110813647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.176282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008553                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.008553                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.206240                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.206240                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.241916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.181267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.241916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.181267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34554.005492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29589.889189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38699.973714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41685.943261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40548.049211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15828.165259                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15828.165259                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65201.300000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65201.300000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34554.005492                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29589.889189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38699.973714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47678.902529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45215.448085                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34554.005492                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29589.889189                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38699.973714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47678.902529                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45215.448085                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7657883                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7657883                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           63                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           63                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           63                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           52                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4588714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11118916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16283803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8877                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8877                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3802877                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3802877                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4588714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14921793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         20086680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4588714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14921793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        20086680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12567780091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3477559858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 151623912832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 401310160374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 568979413155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    730030692                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    730030692                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 226695520115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 226695520115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12567780091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3477559858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 151623912832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 628005680489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 795674933270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12567780091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3477559858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 151623912832                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 628005680489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 795674933270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     91835351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     91835351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    218989938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    218989938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    310825289                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    310825289                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.257127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.176280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008553                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008553                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.206240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.241915                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.181265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.298573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.241915                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.181265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29115.200474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24063.493717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33042.789948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36092.561575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34941.433101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82238.446773                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82238.446773                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59611.583576                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59611.583576                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29115.200474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24063.493717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33042.789948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42086.475834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39612.067961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29115.200474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24063.493717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33042.789948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42086.475834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39612.067961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5774013                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32215.262285                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        18140325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5806354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.124220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7628325615173                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11439.415800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.088693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.056815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   500.961821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   130.964558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6369.708849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13774.057407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.349103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.194388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.420351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       363238                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       131254                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3628375                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8437453                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               12560320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7657883                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7657883                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1425                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1425                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1725771                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1725771                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       363238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       131254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3628375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10163224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                14286091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       363238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       131254                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3628375                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10163224                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               14286091                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68419                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13262                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960339                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2681463                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3723483                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7489                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7489                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2077069                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2077069                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960339                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4758532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5800552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68419                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13262                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960339                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4758532                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5800552                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6382180013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1256365500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89734095178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 250906901198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   348279541889                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     62719258                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     62719258                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 192825113614                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 192825113614                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6382180013                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1256365500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89734095178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 443732014812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    541104655503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6382180013                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1256365500                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89734095178                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 443732014812                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   541104655503                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4588714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11118916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           16283803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7657883                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7657883                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         8914                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            8914                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3802840                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3802840                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4588714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14921756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            20086643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       431657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       144516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4588714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14921756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           20086643                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.158503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.091768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.241162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.228662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.840139                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.840139                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.546189                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.546189                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.158503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.091768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.318899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.288777                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.158503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.091768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.318899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.288777                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93280.813999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94734.240688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93440.019803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93570.898125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93535.955955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8374.850848                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8374.850848                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92835.198837                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92835.198837                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93280.813999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94734.240688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93440.019803                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93249.770058                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93285.027960                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93280.813999                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94734.240688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93440.019803                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93249.770058                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93285.027960                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2642196                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2642196                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2681463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3723483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7489                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7489                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2077069                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2077069                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4758532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5800552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        68419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       960339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4758532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5800552                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5422622222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1071053173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76193325045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 213135535763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 295822536203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    587069348                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    587069348                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163055160836                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 163055160836                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5422622222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1071053173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76193325045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 376190696599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 458877697039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5422622222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1071053173                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  76193325045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 376190696599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 458877697039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     82021148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     82021148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    191740325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    191740325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    273761473                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    273761473                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.158503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.091768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.241162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.840139                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840139                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.546189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.546189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.158503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.091768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.318899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.288777                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.158503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.091768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.209283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.318899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288777                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79256.087081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80761.059644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79340.029974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79484.794593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79447.800944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78390.886367                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78390.886367                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78502.524873                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78502.524873                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79256.087081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80761.059644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79340.029974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79056.040098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79109.315293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79256.087081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80761.059644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79340.029974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79056.040098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79109.315293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          232                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          584                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          4                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          6                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    3060                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        10                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                         816                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      870                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2190                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              3                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   5                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              15368845                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               489933591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              15369357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.877299                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    489925354                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      489925354                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    489925354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       489925354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    489925354                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      489925354                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16607522                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16607522                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16607522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16607522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16607522                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16607522                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 419530615539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 419530615539                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 419530615539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 419530615539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 419530615539                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 419530615539                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    506532876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    506532876                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    506532876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    506532876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    506532876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    506532876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25261.481848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25261.481848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25261.481848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25261.481848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25261.481848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25261.481848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      8847372                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            222                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39853.027027                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1238604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1238604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1238604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1238604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1238604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1238604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15368918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15368918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15368918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15368918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15368918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15368918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 325182283547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 325182283547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 325182283547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 325182283547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 325182283547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 325182283547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21158.437019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21158.437019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21158.437019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21158.437019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21158.437019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21158.437019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2595393                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8923596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2595409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.438223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8923353                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8923353                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8923353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8923353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8923353                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8923353                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2595602                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2595602                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2595602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2595602                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2595602                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2595602                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43139465542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43139465542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43139465542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  43139465542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  43139465542                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  43139465542                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11518955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11518955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11518955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11518955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11518955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11518955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.225333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.225333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.225333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16620.215866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16620.215866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16620.215866                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16620.215866                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16620.215866                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16620.215866                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1281                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1281                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2595602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2595602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2595602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2595602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2595602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2595602                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34991408359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34991408359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34991408359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34991408359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34991408359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34991408359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.225333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13481.037678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13481.037678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13481.037678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13481.037678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13481.037678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13481.037678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     31172718                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      60560788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     31172734                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.942749                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60560217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     60560217                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60560217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     60560217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60560217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     60560217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31181503                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     31181503                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31181503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     31181503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31181503                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     31181503                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 420953765777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 420953765777                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 420953765777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 420953765777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 420953765777                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 420953765777                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91741720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91741720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91741720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     91741720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91741720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     91741720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.339884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.339884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.339884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13500.111453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13500.111453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13500.111453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13500.111453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13500.111453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13500.111453                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        18738                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        18738                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31181503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     31181503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31181503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31181503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31181503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31181503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 324070911391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 324070911391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 324070911391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 324070911391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 324070911391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 324070911391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10393.049732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10393.049732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10393.049732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10393.049732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10393.049732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10393.049732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              61682162                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.999996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               963658339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              61682418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.622901                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    713607760                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      713607760                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    248823616                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     248823616                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    962431376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       962431376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    962431376                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      962431376                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     64529085                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     64529085                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19508265                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19508265                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     84037350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      84037350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     84037350                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     84037350                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1761941836801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1761941836801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 538731717217                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 538731717217                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2300673554018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2300673554018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2300673554018                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2300673554018                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    778136845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    778136845                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    268331881                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    268331881                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1046468726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1046468726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1046468726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1046468726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072702                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072702                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27304.615226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27304.615226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27615.562800                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27615.562800                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27376.797983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27376.797983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27376.797983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27376.797983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     32501551                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         32501551                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     21279968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     21279968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        46339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        46339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     21326307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     21326307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     21326307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     21326307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     43249117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43249117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19461926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19461926                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     62711043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     62711043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     62711043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     62711043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 877285017073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 877285017073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 465979112542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 465979112542                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1343264129615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1343264129615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1343264129615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1343264129615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     95735224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     95735224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    229447607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    229447607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    325182831                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    325182831                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072529                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20284.460769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20284.460769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23943.113983                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23943.113983                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21419.897762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21419.897762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21419.897762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21419.897762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6405436173                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       598134487                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    598134487                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     63346360                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    432506449                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       347964453                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1966655446                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3287735983                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          598134487                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    347964453                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            974480897                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      339200784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          85810816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2281502320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        72359                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1942066                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2708                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        506533076                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30487553                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1219867                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5584845620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.034544                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.482270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4626767417     82.85%     82.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        60046308      1.08%     83.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        58174821      1.04%     84.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        86221132      1.54%     86.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        65757167      1.18%     87.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        79192331      1.42%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        59652814      1.07%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        66466680      1.19%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       482566950      8.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5584845620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.093379                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.513273                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2034942814                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2339726926                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        892834487                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     42962385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     274379008                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5641597536                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2125                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     274379008                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2124254881                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1898660951                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     49030591                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        838490651                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    400029538                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5480551335                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3289091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      68089335                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    312308073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1776163                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6139223900                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13806375212                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13760907002                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     45468210                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3955057792                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2184166095                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2584392                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2579092                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        834646042                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1065386642                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    417954626                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     68690424                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     42511232                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5243795170                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4597991                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4580165936                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10363961                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1693899280                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2515296140                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1861681                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5584845620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.820106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.454478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3682442879     65.94%     65.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    718963072     12.87%     78.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    474645808      8.50%     87.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    286081586      5.12%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    195153298      3.49%     95.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    127188538      2.28%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     70321527      1.26%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25209850      0.45%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4839062      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5584845620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6196854     31.14%     31.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        23362      0.12%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8835092     44.39%     75.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4846074     24.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31843622      0.70%      0.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3291016979     71.85%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7146755      0.16%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    903462867     19.73%     92.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    346695713      7.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4580165936                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.715044                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           19901382                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004345                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14772294309                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6919298592                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4434427594                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27579453                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23788779                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12803460                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4554476874                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13746822                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    102283384                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    364361621                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       836409                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       832335                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    149625850                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       227581                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17788                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     274379008                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1343880744                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     30971141                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5248393161                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30403219                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1065386642                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    417954632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4167900                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9847632                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3320549                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       832335                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     43170498                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24814096                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     67984594                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4509913335                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    880746228                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     70252601                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1221196363                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       433983605                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         340450135                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.704076                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4460616783                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4447231054                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3095017408                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4791456946                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.694290                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.645945                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1764411371                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2736310                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     63554461                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5311007593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.656461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.701719                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4215302138     79.37%     79.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    390458925      7.35%     86.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    166490624      3.13%     89.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    204961069      3.86%     93.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     75937073      1.43%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     43617677      0.82%     95.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     32443800      0.61%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     22723444      0.43%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    159072843      3.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5311007593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999759721                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3486469709                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             969353811                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            701025021                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             185094                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         366891098                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10140091                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3464601689                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    159072843                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10402136960                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10777208685                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               19346347                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              820590553                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999759721                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3486469709                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999759721                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.203103                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.203103                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.312197                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.312197                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8749500102                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4944670147                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12124899                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9410563                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2171270681                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2461271                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        75360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        37560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        43796448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         7431183                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           51343767                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     43796448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      43796448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      5323127                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         6556479                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         9420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         4695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          5474556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1139567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             6628564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          715048                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             734331                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        35330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        17609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           20532695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3483895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              24071036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      20532695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         20532695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       578008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               214                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2495594                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3073815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       579136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        35330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        17609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          20532695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           5979488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             27144851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         584                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         232                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         6                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         4                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   3060                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       10                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                        816                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2190                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     870                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             3                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  5                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6397547206                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   4160698                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     7788153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             7755371                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 4294                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       581897                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    7755371                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        4294                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          19943436                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          8923056                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               6618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              2907                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     1858155                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1141363                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   716792                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6388454616.815635                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             9092589.184366                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001421                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998579                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
