
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  62472                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   110906                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34812758                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490192                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      520164                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923443                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        68160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              288192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1065                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    437169261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    235144072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              994228879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    437169261                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         437831638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    437169261                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    235144072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1301572117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.295693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046362000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.295693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.580981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.580981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246345824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246345824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247300824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247300824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247300824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247300824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174961.522727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174961.522727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1767400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11329.487179                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229380992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229380992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230056592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230056592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230056592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230056592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162912.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162912.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           327                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1760.465891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              76                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           327                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.232416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           95.517925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.022294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.855502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    21.383099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.066201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1212.145519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    417.475429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.023320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.295934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.101923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.429801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1876                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          361                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4692                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             542                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  542                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   60                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           75                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2377                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           75                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1876                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          421                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4752                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          747                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2844                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          350                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                353                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1097                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3197                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3190659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    207020151                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76719892                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      287356688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35905605                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     35905605                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3190659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    207020151                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112625497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323262293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3190659                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       425986                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    207020151                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112625497                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323262293                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              542                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          410                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              413                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013284                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.062500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.674188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.377389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.853659                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.854722                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.062500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.722661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.402189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.062500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.722661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.402189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99708.093750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85197.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 101133.439668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102704.005355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101039.623066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102587.442857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101715.594901                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99708.093750                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85197.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 101133.439668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102666.815861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101114.261182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99708.093750                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85197.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 101133.439668                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102666.815861                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101114.261182                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  28                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       28                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           350                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3015959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       398286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    195711290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     72647612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    271773147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33969805                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33969805                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3015959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       398286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    195711290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106617417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305742952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3015959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       398286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    195711290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106617417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305742952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3819763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3819763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7505716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7505716                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11325479                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11325479                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.674188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.853659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.722661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.400176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.062500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.521795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.722661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94248.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79657.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95608.837323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97252.492637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95998.992229                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97056.585714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97056.585714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94248.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79657.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95608.837323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97189.988149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96115.357435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94248.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79657.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95608.837323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97189.988149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96115.357435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1749.424455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            3.739040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.861164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.751022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1261.655850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    444.417521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           67                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    100                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              28                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   28                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           67                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           67                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    100                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1980                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          717                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2744                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          349                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                352                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1980                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1066                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2882881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187944041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69642949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      260839957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32703231                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32703231                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2882881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187944041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102346180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       293543188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2882881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187944041                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102346180                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      293543188                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           28                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               28                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          349                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              352                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.937500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.967269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.959839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.964838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.937500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.967269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.972628                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.968711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.937500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.800000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.967269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.972628                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.968711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96096.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94921.232828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97131.030683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95058.293367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93705.532951                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92906.906250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96096.033333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94921.232828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96009.549719                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94813.691214                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96096.033333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94921.232828                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96009.549719                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94813.691214                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2465616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    160116483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     59673018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222568717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27740382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27740382                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2465616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    160116483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87413400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    250309099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2465616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    160116483                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     87413400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    250309099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.967269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.959839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.960267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.967269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.972628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.963705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.937500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.967269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.972628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.963705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82187.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80866.910606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83225.966527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81497.150128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79485.335244                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79485.335244                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82187.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80866.910606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82001.313321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81269.187987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82187.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80866.910606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82001.313321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81269.187987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3414                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.302251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.151142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049575300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   458.004975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.895122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21141                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21158                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21141                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21158                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4572                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4569                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4572                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294660499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294660499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294660499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    294660499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294660499                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    294660499                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.177691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.177691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.177691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64491.245130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64448.928040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64491.245130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64448.928040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64491.245130                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64448.928040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          646                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230332914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230332914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230332914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230332914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230332914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230332914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.152468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58713.462656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58713.462656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58713.462656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58713.462656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58713.462656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58713.462656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           76                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.087508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           76                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.763158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.339420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.748088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          425                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          425                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          425                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          425                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           87                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           87                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           87                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1465172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1465172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1465172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1465172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1465172                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1465172                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.158416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.169922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.158416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.169922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.158416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.169922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18314.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16841.057471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18314.650000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16841.057471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18314.650000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16841.057471                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1213225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1213225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1213225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1213225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1213225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1213225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.158416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.158416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.158416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15165.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15165.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15165.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15165.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15165.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15165.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2400                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.111317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.094167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.020680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          295                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          295                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          295                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          295                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2410                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2416                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2410                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2416                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31733505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31733505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31733505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31733505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31733505                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31733505                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.891184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.891184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.891184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13167.429461                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13134.728891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13167.429461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13134.728891                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13167.429461                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13134.728891                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24322637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24322637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24322637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24322637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24322637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24322637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.890943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10092.380498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10092.380498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10092.380498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10092.380498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10092.380498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10092.380498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1007                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               419.284046                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   21659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.508441                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083129019300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   416.284117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.813055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.818914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27655                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27656                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16357                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16361                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        44012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           44017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44012                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          44017                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1924                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1924                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          428                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2352                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2349                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2352                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    149688499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149688499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     39887346                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39887346                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    189575845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    189575845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    189575845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    189575845                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16789                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025325                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025493                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77800.675156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77800.675156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93852.578824                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93194.733645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80704.914857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80601.974915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80704.914857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80601.974915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          542                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              542                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83690311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83690311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37304148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37304148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120994459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120994459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    120994459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120994459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3988517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3988517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7792386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7792386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11780903                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11780903                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024610                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024599                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75532.771661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75532.771661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90324.813559                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90324.813559                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79549.282709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79549.282709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79549.282709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79549.282709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  772031                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38222                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38222                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6205                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29089                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15002                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172948                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                185327                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38222                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15002                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54178                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24207                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           32                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          849                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25710                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3837                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             26                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       414617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.824896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.291164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          361553     87.20%     87.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2520      0.61%     87.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1936      0.47%     88.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2819      0.68%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3924      0.95%     89.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3731      0.90%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5098      1.23%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2060      0.50%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30976      7.47%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       414617                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049508                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          169688                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       176080                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48756                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17699                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        328963                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            1                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17699                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          173938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         109562                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54681                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46860                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        11872                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        312761                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          119                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       342569                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       774025                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       773935                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212579                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          129987                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          979                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          980                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            29970                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40188                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25237                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2072                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1153                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            290682                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           260543                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1451                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94759                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       135791                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          780                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       414617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.628394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.405862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       318335     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31844      7.68%     84.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20137      4.86%     89.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16274      3.93%     93.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11390      2.75%     95.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8698      2.10%     98.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5466      1.32%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2027      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          446      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       414617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            517     40.52%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           397     31.11%     71.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          362     28.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2935      1.13%      1.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199963     76.75%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35792     13.74%     91.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21843      8.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        260543                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337477                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1276                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004897                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       939290                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       387140                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       248024                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        258870                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14736                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          106                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8378                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17699                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          97033                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          704                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       292278                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40188                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25237                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           254                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          100                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1134                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6247                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       252884                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        33907                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7659                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54761                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25610                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20854                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327557                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                248862                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               248033                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           160627                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           251776                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321273                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.637976                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       102708                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6322                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       396978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.477477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.396375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       331315     83.46%     83.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24499      6.17%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12453      3.14%     92.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10117      2.55%     95.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         5984      1.51%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3066      0.77%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1686      0.42%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2454      0.62%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5404      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       396978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104430                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42302                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25451                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20625                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187711                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              683702                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             602353                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2440                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 357414                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               98401                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189548                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.392809                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.392809                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.135267                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.135267                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          486918                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         269609                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110706                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.008994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60008993657946                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65092501282725                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  43826                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    85659                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            11963537217                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4546940                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  5015.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   219829425                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     429662590                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3433088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            51840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       612352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4674304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             8796800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       612352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         612352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4477376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          4477376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         9568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        73036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               137450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          69959                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               69959                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        10204                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        77893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 146591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        10204                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             10204                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            74612                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 74612                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            74612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        57210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        10204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        77893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                221203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    71388                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.902236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    71403                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.303993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.598243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.019000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.912390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        41733                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           45263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         2966                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          54166                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         44699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            99429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        44699                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           99429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    507512664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4829328126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5336840790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8973378600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    155110000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9128488600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9480891264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   4984438126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  14465329390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9480891264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   4984438126                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  14465329390                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        41755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         45285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         2969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        44724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          99454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        44724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         99454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.998990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143771.292918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115719.649342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117907.358991                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175261.300781                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 52296.021578                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168528.017576                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173230.244181                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111511.177565                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145484.007583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173230.244181                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111511.177565                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145484.007583                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    114913628                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               11769                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9764.094486                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          52000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               52000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        41733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        54166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        44699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        44699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    464533192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4325595500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4790128692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8356251600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    118082900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8474334500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8820784792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4443678400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13264463192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8820784792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4443678400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13264463192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.998990                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999945                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 131595.805099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103649.282343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105828.793761                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163208.039062                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 39812.171274                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156451.177861                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161169.099068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99413.373901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133406.382363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161169.099068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99413.373901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133406.382363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        485334                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3987.561469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4282374                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        489355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          8.751058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  51254492648000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1210.956312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.016056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.031350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    66.001005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.813906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1371.311339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1332.431502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.295644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.016114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.334793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.325301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.973526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1318486                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43674                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1771452                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       522897                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                3656509                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          704323                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               704323                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        36373                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               36373                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       193204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               193204                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1318486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1771452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       716101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 3849713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1318486                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43674                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1771452                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       716101                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                3849713                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10388                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          934                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       182330                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       205653                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               399305                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        17067                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             17067                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        99351                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              99351                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       182330                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       305004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                498656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10388                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          934                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       182330                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       305004                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               498656                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    240583215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     27848708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4696855452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8947333456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    13912620831                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    256228044                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    256228044                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5726245722                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5726245722                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    240583215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     27848708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4696855452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14673579178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     19638866553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    240583215                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     27848708                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   4696855452                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14673579178                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    19638866553                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1953782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       728550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4055814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       704323                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           704323                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        53440                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           53440                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       292555                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           292555                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1953782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1021105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             4348369                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1953782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1021105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            4348369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.282277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.098452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319368                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.319368                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339598                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.339598                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.114677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.114677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23159.724201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29816.603854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25760.190051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43506.943521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34842.090209                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15013.068729                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15013.068729                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57636.518223                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57636.518223                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23159.724201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29816.603854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25760.190051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48109.464722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39383.596213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23159.724201                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29816.603854                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25760.190051                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48109.464722                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39383.596213                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              186226                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   186226                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       182326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       205653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          399299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        17067                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        17067                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        99351                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         99351                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       182326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       305004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           498650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          932                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       182326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       305004                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          498650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    184578305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22791407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3657507274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7807995888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11672872874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1504392267                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1504392267                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5157978228                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5157978228                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    184578305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22791407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3657507274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12965974116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16830851102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    184578305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     22791407                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   3657507274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12965974116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16830851102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1471649829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1471649829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3337191374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3337191374                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4808841203                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4808841203                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.282277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.319368                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319368                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.114675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.020893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.093320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17768.415961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24454.299356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20060.261696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37966.846523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29233.413743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88146.262788                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88146.262788                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51916.721805                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51916.721805                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17768.415961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24454.299356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20060.261696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42510.833025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33752.834858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17768.415961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24454.299356                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20060.261696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42510.833025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33752.834858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         56020                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32160.344291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          498318                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         88410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          5.636444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8195.710965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.016063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.935247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.016082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   182.289059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    55.710218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4981.874184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  18738.792472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.250113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.152035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.571863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.981456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10091                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          835                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       172757                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       150669                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 334352                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          186226                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               186226                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          101                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        54042                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                54042                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       172757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       204711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  388394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10091                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          835                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       172757                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       204711                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 388394                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          297                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9569                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54984                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                64947                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40687                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             40687                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21588                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              21588                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        76572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 86535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9569                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        76572                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                86535                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27694235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9034976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    895805142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4992191246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5924725599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78911105                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     78911105                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1998700489                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1998700489                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27694235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9034976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    895805142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6990891735                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      7923426088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27694235                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9034976                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    895805142                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6990891735                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     7923426088                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       182326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       205653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             399299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       186226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           186226                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40788                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           40788                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75630                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            75630                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       182326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       281283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              474929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        10388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       182326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       281283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             474929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.267363                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.162653                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997524                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.997524                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.285442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.285442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.272224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.182206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.272224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.182206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93246.582492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93144.082474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93615.335145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90793.526226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91224.007252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  1939.467275                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1939.467275                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92583.865527                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92583.865527                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93246.582492                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93144.082474                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93615.335145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91298.277895                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91563.252880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93246.582492                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93144.082474                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93615.335145                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91298.277895                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91563.252880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               17959                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    17959                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           64947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40687                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        40687                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21588                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         21588                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            86535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           86535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23535651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7679263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    760938394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4212301118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5004454426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3081250222                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3081250222                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1687335384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1687335384                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23535651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7679263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    760938394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5899636502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6691789810                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23535651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7679263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    760938394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5899636502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6691789810                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1316563911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1316563911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2937383025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2937383025                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4253946936                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4253946936                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.267363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997524                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997524                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.285442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.272224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.182206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.104077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.052483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.272224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.182206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79244.616162                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79167.659794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79521.203261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76609.579478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77054.435555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75730.582791                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75730.582791                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78160.801556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78160.801556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79244.616162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79167.659794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79521.203261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77046.916654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77330.442133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79244.616162                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79167.659794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79521.203261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77046.916654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77330.442133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2473551                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        40540                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       1919                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         98                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    24                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                  1893                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  335162                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      2017                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2514091                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   329757                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5405                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             32                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                3042                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1953783                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               512.000000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                22507008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1954295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.516689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   512.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22498618                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22498618                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22498618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        22498618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22498618                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       22498618                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2061678                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2061678                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2061678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       2061678                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2061678                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      2061678                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29352294547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29352294547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29352294547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  29352294547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  29352294547                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  29352294547                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24560296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24560296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24560296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24560296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24560296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24560296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.083944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.083944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.083944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14237.089665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14237.089665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14237.089665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14237.089665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 14237.089665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14237.089665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       278047                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        39721                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       107891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       107891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       107891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       107891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107891                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1953787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1953787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1953787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1953787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1953787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1953787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21069675244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21069675244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21069675244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21069675244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  21069675244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21069675244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079551                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079551                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10784.018547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10784.018547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10784.018547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10784.018547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10784.018547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10784.018547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        44651                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         25174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        44667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.563593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083918487300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.984215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24864                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        24864                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        24864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        24864                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        24864                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44858                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        44858                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        44858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44858                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        44858                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    858952449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    858952449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    858952449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    858952449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    858952449                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    858952449                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        69722                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        69722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        69722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        69722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.643384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.643384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.643384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.643384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.643384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.643384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19148.255584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19148.255584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19148.255584                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19148.255584                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19148.255584                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19148.255584                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           47                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           47                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        44858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    722283680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    722283680                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    722283680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    722283680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    722283680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    722283680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.643384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.643384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.643384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.643384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.643384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.643384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16101.557805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16101.557805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16101.557805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16101.557805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16101.557805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16101.557805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1329196                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        186037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1329212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.139960                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       185673                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       185673                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       185673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       185673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       185673                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       185673                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1329510                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1329510                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1329510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1329510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1329510                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1329510                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16897059240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16897059240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16897059240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  16897059240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  16897059240                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  16897059240                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1515183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1515183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1515183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1515183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1515183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1515183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.877458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.877458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.877458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12709.238170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12709.238170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12709.238170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12709.238170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12709.238170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12709.238170                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2612                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2612                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1329510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1329510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1329510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1329510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1329510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1329510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12847038439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12847038439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12847038439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12847038439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12847038439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12847038439                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9662.987446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9662.987446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9662.987446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9662.987446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9662.987446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9662.987446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1018895                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999905                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                44300034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1019407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 43.456670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.031286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.968619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     26544252                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26544252                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17673505                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      17673505                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     44217757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        44217757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     44217757                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       44217757                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1643240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1643240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       347684                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       347684                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1990924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1990924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1990924                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1990924                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  64754285546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  64754285546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10977562324                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10977562324                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75731847870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75731847870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  75731847870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75731847870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28187492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28187492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18021189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18021189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46208681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46208681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46208681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46208681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39406.468651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39406.468651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31573.389411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31573.389411                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38038.542842                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38038.542842                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38038.542842                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38038.542842                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       701664                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           701664                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       914216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       914216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3588                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       917804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       917804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       917804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       917804                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       729024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       729024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       344096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       344096                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1073120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1073120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1073120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1073120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17124684458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17124684458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9607825322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9607825322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26732509780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26732509780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26732509780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26732509780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1533594233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1533594233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3480684516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3480684516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5014278749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5014278749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23489.877505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23489.877505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27921.932606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27921.932606                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24911.016270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24911.016270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24911.016270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24911.016270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               286697415                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        31881870                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     31881870                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3565725                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     23514011                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        16623661                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    118964721                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             146039747                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           31881870                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     16623661                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             49783398                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       11658900                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            698680                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      89769518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       269455                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        65555                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          176                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         24560302                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2103697                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          12718                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    267508306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.096449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.551381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       218644305     81.73%     81.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         4555854      1.70%     83.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2380193      0.89%     84.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3365613      1.26%     85.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         3478421      1.30%     86.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3490447      1.30%     88.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3477289      1.30%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         3263031      1.22%     90.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24853153      9.29%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    267508306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.111204                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.509386                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       116376190                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     95333111                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         46844163                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       998039                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       7956803                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     288115435                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       7956803                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       120236080                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       46816909                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     38836461                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         43911844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9750209                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     280565713                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        72400                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3133686                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      4759082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       209080                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    313046615                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    704331355                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    673907613                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     30423742                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    244302401                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        68744254                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1207809                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1238456                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         26491308                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     33723397                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     21104711                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2124780                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1389884                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         259877055                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1530359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        246454028                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       625659                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     40753302                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     58515332                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       386821                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    267508306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.921295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.594185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    173518527     64.86%     64.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     32040781     11.98%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21512046      8.04%     84.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     14845564      5.55%     90.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10811278      4.04%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7580848      2.83%     97.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5160417      1.93%     99.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1570151      0.59%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       468694      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    267508306                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         547911     36.49%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         4540      0.30%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        597602     39.79%     76.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       351658     23.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      4126837      1.67%      1.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    181223901     73.53%     75.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.21% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9196434      3.73%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32038639     13.00%     91.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19868217      8.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     246454028                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.859631                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1501711                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006093                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    741128346                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    287255065                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    230206251                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     21864586                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     14925831                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10711340                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     232899076                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       10929826                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3081826                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5799047                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        43465                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        27215                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3137240                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        27083                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       7956803                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       37287179                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       463581                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    261407414                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6168591                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33723397                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     21104711                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1318701                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        240772                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        50407                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        27215                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1439565                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2497018                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3936583                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    242587873                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31268618                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3866155                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            50850242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        24898945                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          19581624                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.846146                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             241202276                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            240917591                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        160764080                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        267843793                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.840320                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.600216                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     44102191                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1143538                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3571865                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    259641281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.836032                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.818782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    188037820     72.42%     72.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24599337      9.47%     81.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14725981      5.67%     87.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11588985      4.46%     92.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5377469      2.07%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3014130      1.16%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390573      0.92%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1929575      0.74%     96.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      7977411      3.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    259641281                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    109172565                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     217068531                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              45891818                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             27924348                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             158750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          22723234                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9244905                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        209013413                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      7977411                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           512500093                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          530400285                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 947478                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               19189109                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        179919263347                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          109172565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            217068531                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    109172565                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.626094                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.626094                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.380794                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.380794                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       483143207                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      256591185                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18767547                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9795816                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      100782461                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1160078                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           73196                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      7390936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker      7788232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1158015152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       231227984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1404609844                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1158015152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1158015152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2506207                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    150437867                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       154758602                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       923867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker       973529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        144751894                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         32466983                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           179121206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           41861                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        19679339                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           19749552                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       123164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       129784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19297360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3853222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23406656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19297360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19297360                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             41764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2506922                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2578923                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             42984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       123164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       129784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19297360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6360144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             25985579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       40540                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2473551                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        98                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      1919                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                 1893                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 335162                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     2017                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2514091                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5405                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  329757                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            32                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               1958                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180207186545                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 109591966                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   210709859                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           209815879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                45647                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13400212                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  209815879                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       45647                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         528967760                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        232637610                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              73992                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             37567                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    52233234                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  32501486                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 19731748                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             179961290538.629852                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             245896006.370146                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001365                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998635                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
