
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  52810                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    93284                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28525884                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      681987                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1204681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       196288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              275968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          74880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8512797                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    203091004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    532831573                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              749126099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    203091004                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         203264735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8512797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    203091004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    532831573                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             749126099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           487                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2184.536107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              91                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           487                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.186858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          308.256380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.209185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.069955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.877366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.378482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    537.410571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1302.334173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.075258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.131204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.317953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.533334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2700                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          267                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          425                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1068                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4463                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1259                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1259                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  138                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2700                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          267                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          425                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1206                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4601                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2364                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3621                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                30                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3071                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4329                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5012586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121071533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242634163                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      370507079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       404694                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       404694                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73362040                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73362040                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5012586                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121071533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315996203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       443869119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5012586                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1788797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121071533                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    315996203                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      443869119                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1259                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1259                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              62                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          845                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              846                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2750                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2750                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.059859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.735367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.688811                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.447922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.483871                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.836686                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.836879                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.059859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.735367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.718027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.484770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.059859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.735367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.718027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.484770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100251.720000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105223.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102516.116003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102637.124788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102321.756145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 13489.800000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13489.800000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103765.261669                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103618.700565                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100251.720000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105223.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102516.116003                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102896.842397                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102533.869023                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100251.720000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105223.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102516.116003                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102896.842397                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102533.869023                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  57                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       57                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4734986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1695997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114555090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    229541955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    350528028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1488533                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1488533                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69483240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69483240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4734986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1695997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114555090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    299025195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    420011268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4734986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1695997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    114555090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    299025195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    420011268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.059859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.735367                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.688811                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483871                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.836686                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.835697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.059859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.735367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.718027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.483651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.059859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.735367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.718027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94699.720000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99764.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96998.382727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97098.965736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97045.411960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49617.766667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49617.766667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98278.981612                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98278.981612                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94699.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99764.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96998.382727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97370.626832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97247.341514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 94699.720000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99764.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96998.382727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97370.626832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97247.341514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1976.457323                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           12.450969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.330494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.242086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.437517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    549.721573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1370.274713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              57                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   57                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2360                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3604                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3067                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4312                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4556186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110394909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    221485963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      338074555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67063141                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67063141                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4556186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110394909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    288549104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       405137696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4556186                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1637497                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110394909                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    288549104                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      405137696                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           57                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               57                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.980000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.995305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.433333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.980000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.996073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.980000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.996073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92983.387755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96323.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94435.337040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93849.984322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93805.370422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94855.927864                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94721.950565                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92983.387755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96323.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94435.337040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94081.872840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93955.866419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92983.387755                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96323.352941                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94435.337040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94081.872840                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93955.866419                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           707                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           49                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3869653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93970876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    188288412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287530927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1019200                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     57051912                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57051912                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3869653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93970876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245340324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344582839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3869653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1401986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     93970876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    245340324                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344582839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.980000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.433333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.980000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.993763                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.980000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.989839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993763                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78972.510204                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82469.764706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80385.693755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79783.225424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79980.786370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80695.773692                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80695.773692                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78972.510204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82469.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80385.693755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79993.584610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80098.288935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78972.510204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82469.764706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80385.693755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79993.584610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80098.288935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1098                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               348.531347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   16436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 14.969035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.407363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   348.123984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.679930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.680725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31644                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31662                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31644                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31662                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1942                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          1942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1941                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         1942                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161510432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161510432                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161510432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161510432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    161510432                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161510432                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        33604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        33604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        33585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        33604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.057791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.057794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.057791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83209.908295                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83167.060762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83209.908295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83167.060762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 83209.908295                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83167.060762                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127945998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127945998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127945998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127945998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    127945998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127945998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.047819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79667.495641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79667.495641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79667.495641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79667.495641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79667.495641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79667.495641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          277                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.634731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          277                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.176895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019267606000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.948178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.686553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.059261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.605410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.664671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1545                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1545                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1545                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1545                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          314                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          318                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          314                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          318                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5664214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5664214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5664214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      5664214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5664214                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      5664214                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.170692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18038.898089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17811.993711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18038.898089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17811.993711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18038.898089                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17811.993711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4673071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4673071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4673071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4673071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4673071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4673071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14882.391720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14882.391720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14882.391720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14882.391720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14882.391720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14882.391720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2779                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.268552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.717524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019125946300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.670032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.598520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.891784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2165                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2168                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2165                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2168                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2824                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2829                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2824                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2824                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2829                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34406025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34406025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34406025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34406025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34406025                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34406025                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         4997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         4997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.566045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.566140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.566045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.566140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.566045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.566140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12183.436615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12161.903499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12183.436615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12161.903499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12183.436615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12161.903499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks            9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total            9                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2824                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25632372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25632372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25632372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25632372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25632372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25632372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.566045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.565139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.566045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.565139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.566045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.565139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9076.618980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9076.618980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9076.618980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9076.618980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9076.618980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9076.618980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  3769                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               453.738332                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   54557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  3769                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.475192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.528769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   453.209563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.885175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.886208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44347                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44350                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21888                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21888                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66235                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8326                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8328                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          907                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9233                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    721422245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    721422245                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81028044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81028044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    802450289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    802450289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    802450289                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    802450289                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.158070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.158093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039789                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039832                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.122343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.122373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.122343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.122373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86646.918688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86626.110110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89336.321940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89237.933921                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86911.111123                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86882.881009                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86911.111123                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86882.881009                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1250                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1250                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4894                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4894                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4339                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    257415585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    257415585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77516093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77516093                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334931678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    334931678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    334931678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    334931678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057490                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057490                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74960.857600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74960.857600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85653.141436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85653.141436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77190.983637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77190.983637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77190.983637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77190.983637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106156                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56958                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56958                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6168                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37919                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           24352                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       152228                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                266012                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56958                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        24352                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83598                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31146                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              8238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        489407                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2380                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            33585                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2805                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             93                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       760182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.642295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.036361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          678596     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8819      1.16%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5193      0.68%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3648      0.48%     91.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5681      0.75%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5443      0.72%     93.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5411      0.71%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3421      0.45%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           43970      5.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       760182                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051492                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240483                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          161114                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       495803                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74138                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4794                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24331                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        470650                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            3                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24331                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          170732                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         396460                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        66988                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69348                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        32321                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        449477                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          350                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8722                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        19341                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          269                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       539265                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1173169                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1173169                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       332882                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          206230                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2121                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            76671                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66790                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        29994                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1990                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          975                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            424638                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           370553                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2544                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142868                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       234120                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          681                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       760182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.211816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       609898     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        56964      7.49%     87.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34615      4.55%     92.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22485      2.96%     95.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16504      2.17%     97.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10396      1.37%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6749      0.89%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2154      0.28%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          417      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       760182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            807     34.41%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           821     35.01%     69.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          717     30.58%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2984      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       280453     75.68%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59522     16.06%     92.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27594      7.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        370553                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.334992                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2345                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006328                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1507610                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       569778                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       357590                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        369914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4411                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22370                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           73                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          118                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7199                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24331                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         357805                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4115                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       426796                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66790                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29994                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2141                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2177                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           40                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          118                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1907                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5536                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7443                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       362897                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57285                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7656                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84241                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           37228                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             26956                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.328070                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                358653                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               357590                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           249275                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           398992                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323273                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.624762                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       149904                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6493                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       736013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.376018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       645347     87.68%     87.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35434      4.81%     92.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13443      1.83%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14780      2.01%     96.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6948      0.94%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3453      0.47%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2806      0.38%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2215      0.30%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11587      1.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       736013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       155537                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        276754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 67200                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44405                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30540                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           276376                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11587                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1150142                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             877911                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2164                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 345974                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             155537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               276754                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       155537                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.111851                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.111851                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.140610                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.140610                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          724487                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         416470                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         168214                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.094189                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1094188875507                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6113956145112                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24423                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    45613                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31245294                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4663764                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 35019.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   855274687                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1597351436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3533888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       152896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        42944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       975424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     11352256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            16082496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       975424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         975424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11993920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11993920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       177379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               251289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         187405                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              187405                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22928                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3229687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       139735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       891459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     10375042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14698099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       891459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            891459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10961471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10961471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10961471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3229687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       139735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       891459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     10375042                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              25659570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   105115                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.473904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      55078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   105129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.523909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020565199000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.115638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.358266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.967119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18676                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18676                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          8124                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             8124                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26800                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26800                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103860                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103887                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99418                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101146                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203278                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205033                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1081000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4594020339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4595101339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123795784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6701364000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6825159784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124876784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11295384339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11420261123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124876784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11295384339                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11420261123                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122563                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107542                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924457                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.925652                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.884400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.884400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40037.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44232.816667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44231.726193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71641.078704                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67405.942586                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67478.296561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71154.862678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55566.191811                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55699.624563                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71154.862678                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55566.191811                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55699.624563                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       396900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  33                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 12027.272727                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56782                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56782                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       743700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3311562428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3312306128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    102996992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5473582002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5576578994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103740692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8785144430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8888885122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103740692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8785144430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8888885122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.924457                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925652                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.883518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27544.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31884.868361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31883.740295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59604.740741                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55056.247380                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55133.954818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59111.505413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43217.389142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43353.436383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59111.505413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43217.389142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43353.436383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27820052                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4048.541996                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        58191887                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27824098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.091420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          518.234492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.004156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    64.073304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.613293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2725.974115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    697.642635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.126522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.665521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.170323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.988414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17494949                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4600221                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21210035                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8285543                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               51590748                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         8674780                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              8674780                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       965427                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              965427                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1542620                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1542620                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17494949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4600221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21210035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      9828163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                53133368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17494949                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4600221                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21210035                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9828163                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               53133368                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328670                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       166449                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19185326                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6072711                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             25753156                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54304                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54304                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1846739                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1846739                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       166449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19185326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7919450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27599895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       328670                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       166449                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19185326                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7919450                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27599895                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7432450862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3612271705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424389282963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 152524384746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   587958390276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2232284959                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2232284959                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55138653945                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  55138653945                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7432450862                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3612271705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424389282963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 207663038691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    643097044221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7432450862                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3612271705                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 424389282963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 207663038691                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   643097044221                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17823619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4766670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40395361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14358254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           77343904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      8674780                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          8674780                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1019731                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1019731                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3389359                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3389359                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17823619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4766670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40395361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17747613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            80733263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17823619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4766670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40395361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17747613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           80733263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.474939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.422942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.332969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053253                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.053253                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.544864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.474939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.446226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.341865                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.474939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.446226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.341865                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22613.718508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21701.973007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22120.514552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25116.358204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22830.537363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41107.192085                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41107.192085                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29857.307364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29857.307364                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22613.718508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21701.973007                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22120.514552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26221.901608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23300.706188                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22613.718508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21701.973007                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22120.514552                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26221.901608                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23300.706188                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             3851516                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  3851516                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              2277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               2277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1440                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          837                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              2277                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       165612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19185326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6072711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25750879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54304                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54304                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1846739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1846739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       165612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19185326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7919450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27597618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       165612                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19185326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7919450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27597618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5654315202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2694666102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315677663545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 119125033802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 443151678651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2887065999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2887065999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44756061935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44756061935                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5654315202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2694666102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315677663545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163881095737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 487907740586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5654315202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2694666102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 315677663545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 163881095737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 487907740586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10260748481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10260748481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15370439635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15370439635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  25631188116                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25631188116                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.474939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.422942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053253                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053253                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.544864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.544864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.474939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.446226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.341837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.034744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.474939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.446226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17279.330141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16270.959242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16454.120381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19616.450347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17209.186477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53164.886546                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53164.886546                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24235.185338                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24235.185338                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17279.330141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16270.959242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16454.120381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20693.494591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17679.342492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17279.330141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16270.959242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16454.120381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20693.494591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17679.342492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        195354                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32343.674345                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29283078                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        227832                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        128.529258                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18161.209276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.053988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   453.097653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   143.721751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5550.261943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8035.311066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.554236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.169381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.245218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.987051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324841                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       164941                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19170077                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5918630                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25578489                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         3851516                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              3851516                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4969                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                4969                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1661198                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1661198                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       164941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19170077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7579828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27239687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       324841                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       164941                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19170077                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7579828                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27239687                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          671                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15249                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       154081                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               172390                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        74053                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             74053                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       160823                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             160823                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       314904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                333213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          671                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15249                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       314904                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               333213                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    221529278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62423610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1426250522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9219069503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10929272913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1853602959                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1853602959                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14463012986                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14463012986                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    221529278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62423610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1426250522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23682082489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     25392285899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    221529278                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     62423610                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1426250522                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23682082489                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    25392285899                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       165612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19185326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6072711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           25750879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3851516                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          3851516                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        79022                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           79022                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1822021                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1822021                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       165612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19185326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7894732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27572900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       327230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       165612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19185326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7894732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27572900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.937119                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.937119                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088266                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.088266                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004052                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000795                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.012085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004052                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000795                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.012085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92728.873169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93030.715350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93530.757558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59832.617279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63398.531893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25030.761198                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25030.761198                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89931.247309                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89931.247309                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92728.873169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93030.715350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93530.757558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75204.133606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76204.367474                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92728.873169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93030.715350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93530.757558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75204.133606                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76204.367474                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              130623                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   130623                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       154081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          172390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        74053                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        74053                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       160823                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        160823                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       314904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           333213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       314904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          333213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    188042344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     52993281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1211152549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7048599799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8500787973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3789251834                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3789251834                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12164296370                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12164296370                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    188042344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     52993281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1211152549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19212896169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20665084343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    188042344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     52993281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1211152549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  19212896169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20665084343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9143243853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9143243853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13689356850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13689356850                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  22832600703                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  22832600703                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004052                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.937119                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.937119                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.088266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000795                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.012085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000795                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78711.738803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78976.573770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.047479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45746.067322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49311.375213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51169.457470                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51169.457470                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75637.790428                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75637.790428                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78711.738803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78976.573770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.047479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61011.915279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62017.641398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78711.738803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78976.573770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79425.047479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61011.915279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62017.641398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33890427                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         45700                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20765322                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 13125105                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22850                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22850                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               21516                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40395375                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               138086452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40395887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.418329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138064739                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      138064739                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138064739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       138064739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    138064739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      138064739                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44444679                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     44444679                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44444679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      44444679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44444679                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     44444679                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 963421110721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 963421110721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 963421110721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 963421110721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 963421110721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 963421110721                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182509418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    182509418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182509418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    182509418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    182509418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    182509418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.243520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.243520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.243520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21676.860592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21676.860592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21676.860592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21676.860592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21676.860592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21676.860592                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       333101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41637.625000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4049291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4049291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4049291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4049291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4049291                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4049291                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40395388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40395388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40395388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40395388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40395388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40395388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 750868822047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 750868822047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 750868822047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 750868822047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 750868822047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 750868822047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18587.983907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18587.983907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18587.983907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18587.983907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 18587.983907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18587.983907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4769699                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4416147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4769715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.925872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4415582                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4415582                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4415582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4415582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4415582                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4415582                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4770418                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4770418                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4770418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4770418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4770418                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4770418                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79927387642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79927387642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79927387642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  79927387642                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  79927387642                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  79927387642                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9186000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9186000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9186000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9186000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9186000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9186000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.519314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.519314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.519314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16754.797513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16754.797513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16754.797513                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16754.797513                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16754.797513                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16754.797513                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        42884                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        42884                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4770418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4770418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4770418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4770418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4770418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4770418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65321017867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  65321017867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65321017867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  65321017867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  65321017867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  65321017867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13692.933799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13692.933799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13692.933799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13692.933799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13692.933799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13692.933799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17829711                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5164109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17829727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.289635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5163984                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5163984                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5163984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5163984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5163984                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5163984                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17840613                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17840613                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17840613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17840613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17840613                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17840613                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 284707631695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 284707631695                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 284707631695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 284707631695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 284707631695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 284707631695                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23004597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23004597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23004597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23004597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23004597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23004597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.775524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.775524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.775524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15958.399619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15958.399619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15958.399619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15958.399619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15958.399619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15958.399619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        25980                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        25980                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17840613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17840613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17840613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17840613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17840613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17840613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 230241777945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 230241777945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 230241777945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 230241777945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 230241777945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 230241777945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.775524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12905.485812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12905.485812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12905.485812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12905.485812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12905.485812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12905.485812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              17707728                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               510.691281                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               279775119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              17708239                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.799150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   510.691281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.997444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.997444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    180270311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      180270311                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98353139                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98353139                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    278623450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       278623450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    278623450                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      278623450                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     22095630                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     22095630                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4439041                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4439041                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26534671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      26534671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26534671                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     26534671                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 579796949755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 579796949755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114412618201                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 114412618201                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 694209567956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 694209567956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 694209567956                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 694209567956                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202365941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    202365941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102792180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    102792180                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    305158121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    305158121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    305158121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    305158121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.109187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.109187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.043185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086954                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086954                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26240.344799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26240.344799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25774.174692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25774.174692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26162.358220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26162.358220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26162.358220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26162.358220                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      8605916                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          8605916                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7727362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      7727362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        57316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        57316                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7784678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      7784678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      7784678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      7784678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14368268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14368268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4381725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4381725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18749993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18749993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18749993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18749993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 320942019627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 320942019627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  97917958927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  97917958927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 418859978554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 418859978554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 418859978554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 418859978554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10712323192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10712323192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15972136281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15972136281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26684459473                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26684459473                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042627                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042627                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22336.862009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22336.862009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22346.897381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22346.897381                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22339.207196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22339.207196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22339.207196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22339.207196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3246528327                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       234390002                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    234390002                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     43033593                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    199939659                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       105447921                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1438079830                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1073101589                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          234390002                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    105447921                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            334804305                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      158704776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          85888925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     413623687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       725522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2027271                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        182509426                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29740480                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1225734                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2389266870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.839955                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.286361                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2063177366     86.35%     86.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20509675      0.86%     87.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        14856798      0.62%     87.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        26921801      1.13%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        23218055      0.97%     89.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        28175079      1.18%     91.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        20056141      0.84%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        17012947      0.71%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       175339008      7.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2389266870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.072197                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.330538                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1502799995                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    456841399                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        308976990                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6531212                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     114117274                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1943284987                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1351                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     114117274                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1524703948                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      152339648                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    256937628                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        292443842                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     48724530                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1861731887                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       722842                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       7777495                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     32535168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       199756                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2021879656                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4630053526                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4629964422                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        89104                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1202751581                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       819128223                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6253510                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6288728                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        149489356                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    262958295                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    162040025                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16927725                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15635656                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1724268640                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      9086157                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1552870915                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8359362                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    592481256                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    789217474                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3422422                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2389266870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.649936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.421818                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1808272185     75.68%     75.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    199236053      8.34%     84.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    125826997      5.27%     89.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     86212936      3.61%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     70351692      2.94%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49551011      2.07%     97.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36729107      1.54%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10889517      0.46%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2197372      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2389266870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4481766     41.47%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4174435     38.63%     80.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2149965     19.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18600119      1.20%      1.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1152275418     74.20%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    238681849     15.37%     90.77% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    143313529      9.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1552870915                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.478317                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10806166                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006959                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5520920442                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2326266246                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1475462157                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40651                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        24058                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20218                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1545056634                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20328                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     24617058                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     98725747                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       514090                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       479003                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     59220167                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       202365                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     114117274                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       86202535                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      2096083                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1733354797                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30176022                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    262958295                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    162040025                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7991583                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       1039688                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        79331                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       479003                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14323677                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     33829482                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48153159                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1505528225                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    227237235                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47342692                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           364796531                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       158625892                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         137559296                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.463735                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1478429653                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1475482375                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        927866675                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1430293866                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.454480                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648725                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    650431417                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5663735                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43267978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2276052903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.475771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.435088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1921623353     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    126991740      5.58%     90.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57144103      2.51%     92.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     62459962      2.74%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33152554      1.46%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14814183      0.65%     97.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11827543      0.52%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7742523      0.34%     98.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     40296942      1.77%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2276052903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    585927964                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1082879418                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267052423                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164232565                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             577807                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125360663                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1078311200                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     40296942                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          3967774127                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3581210838                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               24770843                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              857261457                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            27617296                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          585927964                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1082879418                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    585927964                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.540832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.540832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.180478                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.180478                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2878656774                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1586471327                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20218                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      709460114                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5309140                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       942592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        83992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2838038976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       511433922                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3353262018                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2838038976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2838038976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    356760397                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       364324833                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       117824                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        354754872                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81008985                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           436000599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51460718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51642040                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2518059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       861453                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        76762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2593737735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          467409177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3064609861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2593737735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2593737735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3440196                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3473086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         326050104                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            332963386                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3446871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5991145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       861453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        76762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2593737735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         793459282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3397573247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33890427                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        45700                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                13125105                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20765322                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22850                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22850                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21405                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3285843900                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 267943097                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   511981383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           510276067                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36558059                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  510276067                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1315961989                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        564684453                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   132684758                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81091714                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51593044                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2687029166.855553                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             598814733.144448                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.182241                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.817759                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
