
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  52254                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    93160                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28447279                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490208                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536417                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956355                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        85888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        82048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              310912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        83840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            83840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1310                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1310                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    294104747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    280955503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1064650416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466359837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        287091817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             287091817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        287091817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    294104747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    280955503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1351742233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1338                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.756189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1338                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613035000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.756189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.547262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.547262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              21                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1365                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1365                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       901000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       901000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    240497832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    240497832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    241398832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    241398832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    241398832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    241398832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42904.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42904.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178941.839286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178941.839286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176848.961172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176848.961172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176848.961172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176848.961172                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1246700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 133                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9373.684211                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1317                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1317                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       639200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       639200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    224452776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224452776                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    225091976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225091976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    225091976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225091976                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30438.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30438.095238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167003.553571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167003.553571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164902.546520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164902.546520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164902.546520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164902.546520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           281                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1814.738399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              82                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.291815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           74.039041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.929252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.640535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.217814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1173.386402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    516.525489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.018076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.286471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.126105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.443051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2553                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          461                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4731                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             665                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  665                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           90                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   90                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           92                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1625                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          551                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4821                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          977                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3246                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3560                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7835417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2699952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223835963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104834077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      339205409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32821805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32821805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7835417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2699952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223835963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137655882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       372027214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7835417                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2699952                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223835963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137655882                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      372027214                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          665                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              665                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1841                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1841                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.679416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.406920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.776675                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.777228                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.424770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.424770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 110357.985915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107998.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103579.807034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107302.023541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104499.509858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104861.996805                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104528.041401                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 110357.985915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107998.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103579.807034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106709.986047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104502.026404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 110357.985915                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107998.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103579.807034                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106709.986047                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104502.026404                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  17                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       17                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3547                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7446817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2562352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211903929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99480069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    321393167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31084305                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31084305                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7446817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2562352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211903929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130564374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    352477472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7446817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2562352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211903929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130564374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    352477472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7061672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7061672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10245022                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10245022                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.679416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.405416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.776675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.774752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.423219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.213675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.570787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.700706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104884.746479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102494.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98058.273484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101821.974411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99379.457947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99310.878594                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99310.878594                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104884.746479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102494.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98058.273484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101212.693023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99373.406259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104884.746479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102494.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98058.273484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101212.693023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99373.406259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1794.595585                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.438377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.880928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.304735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1204.880962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    536.090719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     42                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              17                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   17                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     42                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          971                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3204                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1283                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1283                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3517                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7180017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2477452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204151304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96014030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      309822803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29940873                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29940873                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7180017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2477452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204151304                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125954903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       339763676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7180017                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2477452                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204151304                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125954903                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      339763676                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           17                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               17                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.987061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984267                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.988199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984267                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.988199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104058.217391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99098.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95980.866949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98881.596292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96698.752497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95964.336538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95657.741214                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104058.217391                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99098.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95980.866949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98172.176929                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96606.106341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104058.217391                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99098.080000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95980.866949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98172.176929                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96606.106341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1283                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6223985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2129408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174276081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82472233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265101707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25506217                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25506217                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6223985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2129408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174276081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107978450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    290607924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6223985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2129408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174276081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107978450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    290607924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984267                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.984546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984267                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90202.681159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85176.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81935.157969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84935.358393                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83051.913221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81750.695513                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81750.695513                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90202.681159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85176.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81935.157969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84160.911925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82936.051370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 90202.681159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85176.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81935.157969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84160.911925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82936.051370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3275                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.676414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.719389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616252300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.296690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.379724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26122                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26131                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26122                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26131                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4474                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4475                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4474                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4475                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    313205511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    313205511                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    313205511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    313205511                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    313205511                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    313205511                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.146213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.146213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.146228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.146213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70005.702056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69990.058324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70005.702056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69990.058324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70005.702056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69990.058324                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          688                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244838081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244838081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244838081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244838081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244838081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244838081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64669.329371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64669.329371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64669.329371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64669.329371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64669.329371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64669.329371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          104                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.282560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           260                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.500000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598745920300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.148052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.696753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.705160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          397                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          397                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          397                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          397                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          120                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          120                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4105637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4105637                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4105637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4105637                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4105637                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4105637                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.232108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.232108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.232108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35090.914530                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34213.641667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35090.914530                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34213.641667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35090.914530                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34213.641667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3729351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3729351                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3729351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3729351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3729351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3729351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227626                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31874.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31874.794872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31874.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31874.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 31874.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31874.794872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2615                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.924946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.245507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618303300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.816175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.108771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          767                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          767                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          767                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          767                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2632                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2632                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37153011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37153011                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37153011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37153011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37153011                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37153011                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3392                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.773880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.774345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.773880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.774345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.773880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.774345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14153.528000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14115.885638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14153.528000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14115.885638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14153.528000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14115.885638                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2625                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29037495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29037495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29037495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29037495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29037495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29037495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.773880                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.773880                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.773880                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11061.902857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11061.902857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11061.902857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11061.902857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11061.902857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11061.902857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1341                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               397.531083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   33193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1341                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.752424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.300855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   397.230228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.775840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.776428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32195                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32195                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17353                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17354                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49548                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49549                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2640                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2641                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          419                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          420                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3059                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3061                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    216098242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216098242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37139024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37139024                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253237266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    253237266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253237266                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    253237266                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17772                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17774                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.075786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.075812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023576                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023630                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81855.394697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81824.400606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88637.288783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88426.247619                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82784.330173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82730.240444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82784.330173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82730.240444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          665                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              665                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112962359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112962359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34631750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34631750                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147594109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    147594109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    147594109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    147594109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3324324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3324324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7329413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7329413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10653737                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10653737                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022845                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022842                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035052                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035052                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035050                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78555.187065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78555.187065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85299.876847                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85299.876847                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80040.189262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80040.189262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80040.189262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80040.189262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876792                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44470                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44470                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6928                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33112                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17997                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       195879                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                213265                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44470                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17997                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63102                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        168165                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          587                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30596                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4142                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             68                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       452824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.876007                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.349061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          391027     86.35%     86.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2823      0.62%     86.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2476      0.55%     87.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3494      0.77%     88.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5001      1.10%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3713      0.82%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5835      1.29%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2799      0.62%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35656      7.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       452824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050719                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.243233                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          194061                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178671                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57278                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2174                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20637                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        381334                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20637                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          199306                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         109925                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55040                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54175                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13738                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        362275                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2776                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          159                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       399091                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       904652                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       904494                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          158                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244055                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154932                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1079                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1083                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37041                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48376                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27566                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3206                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1471                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336359                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1783                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           298792                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1706                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111625                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       165318                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          892                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       452824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.659841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.430731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       341824     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36976      8.17%     83.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23769      5.25%     88.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18167      4.01%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13076      2.89%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9844      2.17%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6411      1.42%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2269      0.50%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          488      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       452824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            717     48.25%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           393     26.45%     74.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          376     25.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3299      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229808     76.91%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42226     14.13%     92.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23449      7.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        298792                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.340779                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1486                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004973                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1054623                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       449854                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284797                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           60                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           78                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296949                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             30                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5081                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18560                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          124                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          171                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9744                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           19                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20637                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93989                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          980                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       338142                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48376                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27566                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1382                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           508                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           48                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          171                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1480                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6608                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8088                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289855                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39992                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8937                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62345                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29775                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22353                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330586                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285550                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               284815                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187304                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297604                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324838                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629373                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       121584                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6976                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       432276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.431241                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       357944     82.80%     82.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27490      6.36%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13737      3.18%     92.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11772      2.72%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6810      1.58%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3493      0.81%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1979      0.46%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2749      0.64%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6302      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       432276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117740                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216518                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47604                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29784                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24007                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214606                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6302                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              763933                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             697063                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2559                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 423968                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216518                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.446849                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.446849                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134285                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134285                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          562401                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         311173                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127450                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.010289                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5010289217478                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12609352370988                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21204                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36949                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               96152314                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4869796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 52107.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1104899735                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1925354563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3178368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             4160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2165760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       437568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     31918272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    162460608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           200164736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     31918272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       31918272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     96796032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         96796032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        49662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                65                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       498723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      2538447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              3127574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        1512438                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             1512438                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       634368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       432262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        87334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      6370545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     32425395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               39950735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      6370545                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           6370545                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         19319450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              19319450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         19319450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       634368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       432262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        87334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      6370545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     32425395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              59270185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    50530                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   13.410699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         34                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    50543                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000673                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     3.802538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         9.608160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.237659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.600510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.838169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             843                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          49749                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            50592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          152                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           50592                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     32886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      3164993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36050993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9218183792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      6344000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9224527792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9251069792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      9508993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   9260578785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9251069792                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      9508993                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   9260578785                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           90                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.848101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.985965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.899408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.899408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42378.865979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47238.701493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42765.116251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 185610.981637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 74635.294118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185421.371123                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 183407.410626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62559.164474                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183044.330823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 183407.410626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62559.164474                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183044.330823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     61801500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5996                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10307.121414                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          49729                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               49729                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        49749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     23411300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2334900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25746200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8619715372                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      5298700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8625014072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8643126672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7633600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8650760272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8643126672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7633600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8650760272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.848101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.899408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.899408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30169.201031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34849.253731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30541.162515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173560.634907                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 62337.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173370.601861                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171354.612847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50221.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170990.675838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171354.612847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50221.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170990.675838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          776                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3178496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          776                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      11117758                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4054.212890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        52181597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      11121826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.691819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7603560747300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          715.980536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.002719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    48.895486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    18.537357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1308.510969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1962.284282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.174800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.319461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.479073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.989798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17488750                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1354462                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6332510                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12802270                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               37977992                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        16395978                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             16395978                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       566812                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              566812                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7691494                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              7691494                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17488750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1354462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6332510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     20493764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                45669486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17488750                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1354462                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6332510                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     20493764                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               45669486                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       232885                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79716                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2516783                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6087778                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              8917162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5820                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              5820                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2177416                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2177416                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       232885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2516783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8265194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              11094578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       232885                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79716                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2516783                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8265194                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             11094578                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7806873639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2319788449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  95143984175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 242440380235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   347711026498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     92738026                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     92738026                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 143579174102                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 143579174102                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7806873639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2319788449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  95143984175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 386019554337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    491290200600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7806873639                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2319788449                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  95143984175                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 386019554337                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   491290200600                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17721635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1434178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8849293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18890048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           46895154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     16395978                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         16395978                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       572632                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          572632                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9868910                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9868910                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17721635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1434178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8849293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28758958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            56764064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17721635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1434178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8849293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28758958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           56764064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055583                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.284405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.190151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010164                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.010164                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.220634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.220634                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.284405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.287395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.195451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.284405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.287395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.195451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 33522.440857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29100.662966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37803.809138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39824.116490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38993.462998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15934.368729                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15934.368729                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65940.166740                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65940.166740                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 33522.440857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29100.662966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37803.809138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46704.233964                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44282.008797                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 33522.440857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29100.662966                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 37803.809138                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46704.233964                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44282.008797                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4415373                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4415373                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                67                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       232873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2516779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6087755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8917095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5820                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         5820                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2177416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2177416                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       232873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2516779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8265171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         11094511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       232873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2516779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8265171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        11094511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6541532522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1877959869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80899044309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 208381419324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 297699956024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    478676172                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    478676172                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131403021346                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 131403021346                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6541532522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1877959869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80899044309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 339784440670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 429102977370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6541532522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1877959869                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  80899044309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 339784440670                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 429102977370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    113503671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    113503671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    329989617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    329989617                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    443493288                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    443493288                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.284405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010164                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010164                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.220634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.284405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.287395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.195450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.284405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.287395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28090.558038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23566.407351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32143.880853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34229.600127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33385.307213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82246.764948                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82246.764948                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60348.147229                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60348.147229                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28090.558038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23566.407351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32143.880853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41110.394530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38677.051866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28090.558038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23566.407351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32143.880853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41110.394530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38677.051866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       3051752                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32504.044115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        10253622                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       3084363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.324389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7627514220047                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11836.926419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.035650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.023067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   288.444723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    72.062215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4466.306158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  15840.242060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.361234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.136301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.483406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.991945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       199033                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        72851                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2018055                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4758016                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                7047955                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4415373                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4415373                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          922                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 922                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       968331                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               968331                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       199033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        72851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2018055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      5726347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 8016286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       199033                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        72851                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2018055                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5726347                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                8016286                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33840                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6837                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       498724                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1329739                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              1869140                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4969                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4969                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1209014                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            1209014                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       498724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2538753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               3078154                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33840                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6837                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       498724                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2538753                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              3078154                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3160446205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    649573035                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  46629790829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 124384540911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   174824350980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35609788                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     35609788                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 112260858486                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 112260858486                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3160446205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    649573035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  46629790829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 236645399397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    287085209466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3160446205                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    649573035                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  46629790829                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 236645399397                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   287085209466                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       232873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2516779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6087755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            8917095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4415373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4415373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5891                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5891                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2177345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2177345                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       232873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2516779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8265100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            11094440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       232873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        79688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2516779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8265100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           11094440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.145315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.198160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.218428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.209613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.843490                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.843490                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.555270                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.555270                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.145315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.198160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307165                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.277450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.145315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.198160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307165                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.277450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93393.800384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95008.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93498.189036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93540.567669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93531.972447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7166.389213                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7166.389213                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92853.232871                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92853.232871                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93393.800384                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95008.488372                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93498.189036                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93213.242642                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93265.382260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93393.800384                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95008.488372                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93498.189036                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93213.242642                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93265.382260                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             1462709                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  1462709                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       498724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1329739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1869140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4969                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4969                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1209014                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1209014                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       498724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2538753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          3078154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        33840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       498724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2538753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         3078154                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2685831975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    554024428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39597213865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 105640402390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 148477472658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    388440958                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    388440958                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94919377994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  94919377994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2685831975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    554024428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39597213865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 200559780384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 243396850652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2685831975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    554024428                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  39597213865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 200559780384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 243396850652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    101301427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    101301427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    290252004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    290252004                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    391553431                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    391553431                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.145315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.198160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.218428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.843490                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.843490                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.555270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.145315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.198160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307165                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.277450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.145315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.085797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.198160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.307165                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.277450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79368.557181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81033.264297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79397.048999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79444.464207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79436.250178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78172.863353                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78172.863353                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78509.742645                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78509.742645                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79368.557181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81033.264297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79397.048999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78999.327774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79072.343571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79368.557181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81033.264297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79397.048999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78999.327774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79072.343571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         1144                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1876                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         20                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         20                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    19                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    4822                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        40                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        3020                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             8                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     1827                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2995                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              4                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              4                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  21                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               8849330                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               268210263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               8849842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 30.306785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    268202078                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      268202078                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    268202078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       268202078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    268202078                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      268202078                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9530117                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      9530117                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9530117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       9530117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9530117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      9530117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 229277452215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 229277452215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 229277452215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 229277452215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 229277452215                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 229277452215                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    277732195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    277732195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    277732195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    277732195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    277732195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    277732195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.034314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24058.199098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24058.199098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24058.199098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24058.199098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24058.199098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24058.199098                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5111723                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            126                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40569.230159                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       680726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       680726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       680726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       680726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       680726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       680726                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8849391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8849391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8849391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8849391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8849391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8849391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 176709170466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 176709170466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 176709170466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 176709170466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 176709170466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 176709170466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.031863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19968.512010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19968.512010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19968.512010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19968.512010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19968.512010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19968.512010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      1434252                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.224944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       5004776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1434267                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.489431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.224944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.951559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.951559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5004522                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5004522                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5004522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5004522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5004522                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5004522                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1434473                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1434473                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1434473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1434473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1434473                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1434473                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  23152738494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23152738494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  23152738494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  23152738494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  23152738494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  23152738494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6438995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6438995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6438995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      6438995                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6438995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      6438995                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.222779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.222779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.222779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16140.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16140.240000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16140.240000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16140.240000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16140.240000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16140.240000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks          500                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total          500                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1434473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1434473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1434473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1434473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1434473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1434473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  18639719763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18639719763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  18639719763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18639719763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  18639719763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18639719763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.222779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.222779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12994.123809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12994.123809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12994.123809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12994.123809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12994.123809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12994.123809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17725188                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.745863                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      34057054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17725204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.921391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.745863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.984116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.984116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34056481                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     34056481                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34056481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     34056481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34056481                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     34056481                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17730959                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17730959                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17730959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17730959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17730959                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17730959                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 234151805920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 234151805920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 234151805920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 234151805920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 234151805920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 234151805920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     51787440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     51787440                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     51787440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     51787440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     51787440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     51787440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.342380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.342380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.342380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13205.817346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13205.817346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13205.817346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13205.817346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13205.817346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13205.817346                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         4689                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         4689                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17730959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17730959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17730959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17730959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17730959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17730959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 179006856259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 179006856259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 179006856259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 179006856259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 179006856259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 179006856259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10095.723320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10095.723320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10095.723320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10095.723320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10095.723320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10095.723320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              28759043                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999948                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               528802457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              28759555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.387018                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    391583938                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      391583938                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    136532576                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     136532576                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    528116514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       528116514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    528116514                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      528116514                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     30210715                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     30210715                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10462332                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10462332                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     40673047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      40673047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     40673047                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     40673047                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 881276362618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 881276362618                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 298995635090                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 298995635090                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1180271997708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1180271997708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1180271997708                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1180271997708                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    421794653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    421794653                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    146994908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    146994908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    568789561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    568789561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    568789561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    568789561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071175                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071175                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29170.986606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29170.986606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28578.297371                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28578.297371                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29018.529094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29018.529094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29018.529094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29018.529094                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     16390789                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         16390789                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11315671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     11315671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        30047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        30047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11345718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11345718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11345718                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11345718                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18895044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     18895044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10432285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10432285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     29327329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     29327329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     29327329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     29327329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 407324511249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 407324511249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 259891081177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 259891081177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 667215592426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 667215592426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 667215592426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 667215592426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    118389609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    118389609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    344896175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    344896175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    463285784                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    463285784                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070970                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070970                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.051561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21557.214222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21557.214222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24912.191450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24912.191450                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22750.643007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22750.643007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22750.643007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22750.643007                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3403095932                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       327374877                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    327374877                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     35639445                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    235661084                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       189234815                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1082641486                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1806551516                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          327374877                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    189234815                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            534407361                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      186836838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          47024029                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1189657689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        91041                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       828690                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1392                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        277732310                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     17303238                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         684925                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   3005311420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.054059                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.502058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2479750254     82.51%     82.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        33295106      1.11%     83.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        33066565      1.10%     84.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        45854867      1.53%     86.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        36462796      1.21%     87.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        43042390      1.43%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        32317497      1.08%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        36359748      1.21%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       265162197      8.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   3005311420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.096199                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.530855                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1119918180                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1221671124                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        490713511                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     22348873                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     150659732                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    3091519653                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     150659732                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1167742693                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      999622910                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     19784906                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        461114829                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    206386350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    3003440682                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1686299                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      33276407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    163062063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1042573                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   3376092838                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   7553326566                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   7529221406                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     24105160                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   2169340396                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      1206752434                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       440298                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       445205                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        438903146                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    577395296                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    228677628                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     37618205                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     24071542                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        2871934349                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1100827                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       2506501159                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      6629509                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    929365442                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   1380567740                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       512513                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   3005311420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.834024                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.471156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1975225522     65.72%     65.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    382803098     12.74%     78.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    255926957      8.52%     86.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    156570145      5.21%     92.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    107806395      3.59%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     70262536      2.34%     98.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     39989951      1.33%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14158782      0.47%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2568034      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   3005311420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3956093     34.60%     34.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     34.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     34.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        10655      0.09%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4718704     41.28%     75.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2746871     24.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     17522755      0.70%      0.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1805766362     72.04%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.74% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3734121      0.15%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    489848584     19.54%     92.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    189629337      7.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    2506501159                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.736536                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           11432323                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004561                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   8035539641                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3790401168                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2425055323                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     14602981                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     12436758                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6797313                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    2493132085                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        7278642                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     55008425                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    198903891                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       482115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       459338                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     81683023                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       193275                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4094                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     150659732                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      720044565                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     14979842                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2873035176                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     17456860                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    577395296                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    228677628                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       843561                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       5340730                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      1696965                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       459338                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     24348003                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     13995131                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     38343134                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   2466899293                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    477053840                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     39601866                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           663131144                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       237415595                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         186077304                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.724899                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            2439386713                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           2431852636                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1701286733                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       2625222703                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.714600                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648054                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    968632006                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       588314                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     35739513                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2854688562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.667582                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.713948                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   2258044478     79.10%     79.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    210084836      7.36%     86.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     90986663      3.19%     89.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    112242346      3.93%     93.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     41985020      1.47%     95.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     24423781      0.86%     95.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     17920783      0.63%     96.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     12635719      0.44%     96.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     86364936      3.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2854688562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1094458544                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1905738404                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             525486015                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            378491403                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             120025                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         200393559                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           5435820                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1893813877                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     86364936                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          5642553180                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         5900037625                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                8511661                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              397784512                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         11641638326                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1094458544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1905738404                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1094458544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.109388                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.109388                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.321607                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.321607                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      4784278975                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     2714705610                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6535548                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         4897697                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     1181334794                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        421156                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2708                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       204352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        94640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        98797040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        16865728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          115966908                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     98797040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      98797040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     11958578                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        13209834                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        25544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        11830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         12349630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          2583866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            14971264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              83                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1608471                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1628074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        40786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19718830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3366218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23145751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19718830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19718830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2386804                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2636541                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       249830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        40786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19718830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           5753022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             25782292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1876                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        1144                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        20                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        20                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   19                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   4822                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       40                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       3020                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            8                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2995                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    1827                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             4                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             4                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 22                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15045913974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   9365334                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    17709879                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            17638913                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                10622                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1344306                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   17638913                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       10622                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          45320850                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         20331658                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              16219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6958                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     4201644                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   2589186                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1612458                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15025215720.255547                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             20698253.744454                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001376                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998624                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
