
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  52944                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    94388                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28816971                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490228                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536530                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956528                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        86016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        83008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              311936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    465702374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    284242814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1068156881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    465702374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         465921528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        291255744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    465702374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    284242814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1359412625                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1350                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.733705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613442000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.733705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    243704832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    243704832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    244615832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    244615832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    244615832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    244615832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       181328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       181328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179074.547584                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179074.547584                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179074.547584                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179074.547584                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1471800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 146                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10080.821918                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       636500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       636500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    227523300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227523300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228159800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228159800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228159800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228159800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28931.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28931.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169288.169643                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169288.169643                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167027.672035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167027.672035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167027.672035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167027.672035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           295                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1814.921136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              82                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.277966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           67.518935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.927927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.814890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.230171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1175.351117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    521.078231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.016484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.286951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.127216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.443096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1608                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          366                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4582                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             593                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  593                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2526                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1608                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          444                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4660                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2162                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          990                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3261                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2162                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1304                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3576                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7806372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2753385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223485439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106066872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      340112068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32830215                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32830215                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7806372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2753385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223485439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138897087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       372942283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7806372                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2753385                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223485439                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138897087                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      372942283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              593                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          392                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              393                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.730088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.415785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.801020                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.801527                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233645                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.434191                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233645                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.434191                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108421.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110135.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103369.768270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107138.254545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104296.862312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104554.824841                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104222.904762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108421.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110135.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103369.768270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106516.171012                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104290.347595                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108421.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110135.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103369.768270                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106516.171012                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104290.347595                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  17                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       17                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2162                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7411872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2615185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211547236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    100643907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    322218200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31088615                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31088615                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7411872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2615185                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211547236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131732522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    353306815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7411872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2615185                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211547236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    131732522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    353306815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3181921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3181921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7057709                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7057709                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10239630                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10239630                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.730088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.414255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.801020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.798982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.432613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.233645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.745995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102942.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104607.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97847.935245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101660.512121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99174.576793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99008.328025                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99008.328025                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102942.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104607.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97847.935245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101021.872699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99159.925624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102942.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104607.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97847.935245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101021.872699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99159.925624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1800.698878                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.544603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.960448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.318411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1205.959901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    540.915651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     44                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              17                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   17                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      44                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           37                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     44                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          985                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3217                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1298                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3531                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7140672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2530885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203772595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97143041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      310587193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29940447                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29940447                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7140672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2530885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203772595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127083488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       340527640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7140672                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2530885                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203772595                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    127083488                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      340527640                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3261                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           17                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               17                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.986507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.987692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.987692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102009.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101235.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95892.985882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98622.376650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96545.599316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95656.380192                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95351.742038                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102009.600000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101235.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95892.985882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97907.155624                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96439.433588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102009.600000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101235.400000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95892.985882                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97907.155624                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96439.433588                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6169585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2182835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173925128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83417079                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265694627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25494002                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25494002                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6169585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2182835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173925128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108911081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    291188629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6169585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2182835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173925128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    108911081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    291188629                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.994949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.982827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.984056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.982886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88136.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87313.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81847.119059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84687.389848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82900.039626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81450.485623                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81450.485623                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88136.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87313.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81847.119059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83906.842065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82771.071347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88136.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 87313.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81847.119059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83906.842065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82771.071347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3259                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.730767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.747162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616645300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.432570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26093                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26102                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26093                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26102                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4457                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4458                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4457                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4458                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    312306305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    312306305                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    312306305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    312306305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    312306305                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    312306305                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.145877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.145877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.145877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70070.968140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70055.250112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70070.968140                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70055.250112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70070.968140                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70055.250112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244064476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    244064476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244064476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    244064476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    244064476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    244064476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123364                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64738.587798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64738.587798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64738.587798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64738.587798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64738.587798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64738.587798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           94                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.043245                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           94                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.127660                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598745586300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.908736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.681796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.690203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          524                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          524                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          524                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          524                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          110                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4038582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4038582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4038582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4038582                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4038582                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4038582                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.173502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169572                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.173502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169572                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.173502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37743.757009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36714.381818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37743.757009                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36714.381818                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37743.757009                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36714.381818                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3691527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3691527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3691527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3691527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3691527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3691527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169572                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.169572                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34500.252336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34500.252336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34500.252336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34500.252336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34500.252336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34500.252336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2589                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917919                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           689                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.266126                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618705300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.816518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.101402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          816                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          816                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          816                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          816                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2599                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2606                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2599                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2606                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36948077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36948077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36948077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36948077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36948077                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36948077                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.761054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.761543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.761054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.761543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.761054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.761543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14216.266641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14178.080200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14216.266641                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14178.080200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14216.266641                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14178.080200                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28927828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28927828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28927828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28927828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     28927828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28927828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.761054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.761054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.761054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11130.368603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11130.368603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11130.368603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11130.368603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11130.368603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11130.368603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1238                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               417.029633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   27376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.113086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.487277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   416.542356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.813559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.814511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32392                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32392                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17371                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17372                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49763                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49764                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2522                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2523                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          406                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2927                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2929                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220373346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    220373346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36879218                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36879218                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    257252564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    257252564                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    257252564                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    257252564                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17778                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022784                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022837                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055551                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055551                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87380.390960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87345.757432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91059.797531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90835.512315                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87889.499146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87829.485831                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87889.499146                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87829.485831                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          593                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              593                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113581233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113581233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34523823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34523823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    148105056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    148105056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    148105056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    148105056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3321749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3321749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7324481                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7324481                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10646230                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10646230                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038866                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022108                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022106                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.033213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83700.245394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83700.245394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87846.877863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87846.877863                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84631.460571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84631.460571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84631.460571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84631.460571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876871                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44536                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44536                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6892                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32311                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17899                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       194949                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                214383                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17899                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63174                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4417                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        165323                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          643                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30550                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4072                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             62                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       449520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.885315                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.361258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          387670     86.24%     86.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2787      0.62%     86.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2459      0.55%     87.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3386      0.75%     88.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5056      1.12%     89.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3637      0.81%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5847      1.30%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2811      0.63%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35867      7.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       449520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050790                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.244486                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          193634                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       175635                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57255                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2261                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20732                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        382153                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20732                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          198833                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         111473                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        50278                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54310                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13891                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        363380                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2873                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       401467                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       908531                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       908377                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          154                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244267                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          157095                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1081                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1076                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37216                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48370                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27554                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3082                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1371                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            337435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1783                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           299105                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1717                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112934                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       168951                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          892                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       449520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.665388                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.435113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       338300     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37255      8.29%     83.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23644      5.26%     88.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18159      4.04%     92.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13084      2.91%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9902      2.20%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6471      1.44%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2227      0.50%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          478      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       449520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            746     48.60%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           405     26.38%     74.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          384     25.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3231      1.08%      1.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       230183     76.96%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42300     14.14%     92.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23381      7.82%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        299105                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.341105                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1535                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005132                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1052009                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       452229                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284988                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        297380                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5098                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18486                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          160                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9728                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           24                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20732                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          95677                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1080                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       339218                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48370                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27554                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1394                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           586                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           45                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          160                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1477                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6594                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8071                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       290211                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        40093                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8894                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62403                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29723                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22310                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330962                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285815                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               285005                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187624                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           298135                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.325025                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629326                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       122493                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6977                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       428877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.505252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.433792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       354262     82.60%     82.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27687      6.46%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13745      3.20%     92.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11822      2.76%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6892      1.61%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3462      0.81%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2052      0.48%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2782      0.65%     98.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6173      1.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       428877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117853                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216691                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47676                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29852                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24031                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214780                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6173                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              761745                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             699323                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2558                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 427351                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117853                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216691                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117853                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.440379                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.440379                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134402                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134402                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          562520                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         311722                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127503                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.010289                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5010289217478                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12609352370988                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21037                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36650                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               99175384                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4867384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 50519.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1062785232                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1851514852                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3178432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             4032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2176768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       439616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     31377344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    163053504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           200229696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     31377344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       31377344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     95348288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         95348288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        49663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       490271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      2547711                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              3128589                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        1489817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             1489817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       634381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       434460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        87743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      6262581                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     32543731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               39963700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      6262581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           6262581                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         19030496                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              19030496                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         19030496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       634381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       434460                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        87743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      6262581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     32543731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              58994196                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    50527                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   13.378619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         36                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    50540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     3.682158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         9.696461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.230135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.606029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.836164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             842                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          49749                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           151                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            50591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          151                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           50591                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     32678000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      3073264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35751264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9138847792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      6387000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9145234792                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9171525792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      9460264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   9180986056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9171525792                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      9460264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   9180986056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           90                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.835443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.984795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.893491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.893491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42110.824742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 46564.606061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42459.933492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 184013.526740                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 75141.176471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183827.509940                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 181830.408247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62650.754967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 181474.690281                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 181830.408247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62650.754967                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 181474.690281                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     61098900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5952                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10265.272177                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          49727                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               49727                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        49664                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        49749                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        50440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          151                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     23247100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2253900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25501000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8540363836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      5342000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8545705836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8563610936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7595900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8571206836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8563610936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7595900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8571206836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.835443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999900                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.893491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.893491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29957.603093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet        34150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30286.223278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171962.867188                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 62847.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171776.434421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169778.170817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50303.973510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169421.573719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169778.170817                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50303.973510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169421.573719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          776                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3178496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          776                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      10705384                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4053.459937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        48331030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      10709443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.512936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7627219935600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          720.769089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.003351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    48.817622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    18.387033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1318.662482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1946.819101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.175969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.321939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.475298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.989614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16933884                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1317215                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6237606                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10859288                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               35347993                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        15087550                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             15087550                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       535325                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              535325                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7600297                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              7600297                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16933884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1317215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6237606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     18459585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                42948290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     16933884                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1317215                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6237606                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     18459585                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               42948290                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       223068                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77737                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2435815                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5855514                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              8592134                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5619                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              5619                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2086889                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            2086889                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       223068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2435815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7942403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              10679023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       223068                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77737                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2435815                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7942403                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             10679023                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7602871955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2278261056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  92677679097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 240077920883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   342636732991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66977500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     66977500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 139640063709                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 139640063709                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7602871955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2278261056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  92677679097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 379717984592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    482276796700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7602871955                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2278261056                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  92677679097                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 379717984592                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   482276796700                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17156952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1394952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8673421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16714802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           43940127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     15087550                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         15087550                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       540944                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          540944                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9687186                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          9687186                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17156952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1394952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8673421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26401988                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            53627313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17156952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1394952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8673421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26401988                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           53627313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.350319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.195542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010387                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.010387                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.215428                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.215428                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.300826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.199134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.300826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.199134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34083.203126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29307.293258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38047.913777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41000.315409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39877.954998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11919.825592                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11919.825592                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66913.028776                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66913.028776                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34083.203126                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29307.293258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38047.913777                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47808.954619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45161.134750                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34083.203126                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29307.293258                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38047.913777                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47808.954619                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45161.134750                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4084350                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4084350                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                60                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                60                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       223055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2435812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5855492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8592074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         5619                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         5619                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2086889                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2086889                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       223055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2435812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7942381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         10678963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       223055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2435812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7942381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        10678963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6389776743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1847557438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  78886391113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 207310717897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 294434443191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    459207411                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    459207411                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 127979444965                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 127979444965                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6389776743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1847557438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  78886391113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 335290162862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 422413888156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6389776743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1847557438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  78886391113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 335290162862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 422413888156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    113502808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    113502808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    330102166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    330102166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    443604974                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    443604974                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.350318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010387                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010387                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.215428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.215428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.300825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.199133                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.055712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.280836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.300825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199133                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28646.642052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23773.498527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32386.075409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35404.491697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34268.145641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81724.045382                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81724.045382                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61325.468180                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61325.468180                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28646.642052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23773.498527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32386.075409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42215.320930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39555.702942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28646.642052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23773.498527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32386.075409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42215.320930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39555.702942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       3052769                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32500.529216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         9596528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       3085366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.110337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625754525170                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        10881.292685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.030226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.021966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.003092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   468.262037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   135.562296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5159.005525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  15856.351061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.332071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.014290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.157440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.483897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.991837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       189043                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70846                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1945540                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4491027                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                6696456                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4084350                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4084350                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          932                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 932                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       903260                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               903260                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       189043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70846                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1945540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      5394287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 7599716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       189043                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        70846                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1945540                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5394287                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                7599716                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34012                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6869                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       490272                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1364465                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              1895618                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4753                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4753                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1183563                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            1183563                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       490272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2548028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               3079181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34012                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6869                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       490272                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2548028                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              3079181                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3174814893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    650684359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  45829768482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 127642621613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   177297889347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34142154                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     34142154                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 109915001723                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 109915001723                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3174814893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    650684359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  45829768482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 237557623336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    287212891070                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   3174814893                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    650684359                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  45829768482                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 237557623336                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   287212891070                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       223055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2435812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5855492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            8592074                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4084350                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4084350                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5685                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5685                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2086823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          2086823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       223055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2435812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7942315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            10678897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       223055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2435812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7942315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           10678897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.152483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.201277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.233023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.220624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.836060                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.836060                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567160                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.567160                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.152483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.201277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.320817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.288343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.152483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.201277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.320817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.288343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93343.963689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94727.669093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93478.249792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93547.743337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93530.389217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7183.285083                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7183.285083                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92867.892730                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92867.892730                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93343.963689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94727.669093                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93478.249792                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93231.951665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93275.741527                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93343.963689                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94727.669093                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93478.249792                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93231.951665                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93275.741527                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             1440090                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  1440090                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       490272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1364465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1895618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4753                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4753                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1183563                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1183563                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       490272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2548028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          3079181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        34012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       490272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2548028                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         3079181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2697765106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    554632645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  38916437110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 108410163831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 150578998692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    371543633                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    371543633                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92933469665                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  92933469665                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2697765106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    554632645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  38916437110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 201343633496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 243512468357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   2697765106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    554632645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  38916437110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 201343633496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 243512468357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    101301322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    101301322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    290263916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    290263916                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    391565238                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    391565238                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.152483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088387                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.201277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.233023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.836060                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.836060                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.567160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.152483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088387                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.201277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.320817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.288343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.152483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.088387                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.201277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.320817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.288343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79318.037928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80744.307032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79377.237758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79452.506170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79435.307479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78170.341469                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78170.341469                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78520.086945                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78520.086945                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79318.037928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80744.307032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79377.237758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79019.395978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79083.518753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79318.037928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80744.307032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79377.237758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79019.395978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79083.518753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         1144                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1876                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         20                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         20                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    19                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    4822                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        40                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        3020                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             8                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     1827                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2995                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              4                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              4                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  21                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               8673469                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               257001265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               8673981                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 29.628986                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    256993304                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      256993304                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    256993304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       256993304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    256993304                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      256993304                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9332609                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      9332609                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9332609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       9332609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9332609                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      9332609                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 222691923061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 222691923061                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 222691923061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 222691923061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 222691923061                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 222691923061                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    266325913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    266325913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    266325913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    266325913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    266325913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    266325913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23861.700738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23861.700738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23861.700738                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23861.700738                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23861.700738                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23861.700738                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      5016645                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            126                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39814.642857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       659083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       659083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       659083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       659083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       659083                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       659083                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8673526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8673526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8673526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      8673526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8673526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      8673526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 171362310452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 171362310452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 171362310452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 171362310452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 171362310452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 171362310452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19756.937427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19756.937427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19756.937427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19756.937427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19756.937427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19756.937427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      1395062                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.216795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4950809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1395077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.548771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.216795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.951050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.951050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4950537                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4950537                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4950537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4950537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4950537                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4950537                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1395286                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1395286                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1395286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1395286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1395286                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1395286                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  22276600911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22276600911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  22276600911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  22276600911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  22276600911                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  22276600911                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6345823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6345823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6345823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      6345823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6345823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      6345823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.219875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.219875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.219875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15965.616304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15965.616304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15965.616304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15965.616304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15965.616304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15965.616304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1522                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1522                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1395286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1395286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1395286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1395286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1395286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1395286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  17880790601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17880790601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  17880790601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17880790601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  17880790601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17880790601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.219875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12815.143706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12815.143706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12815.143706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12815.143706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12815.143706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12815.143706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     17160808                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.737815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      33521962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     17160824                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.953400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.737815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.983613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.983613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33521541                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     33521541                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33521541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     33521541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33521541                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     33521541                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17166298                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     17166298                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17166298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     17166298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17166298                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     17166298                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 224959435696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 224959435696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 224959435696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 224959435696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 224959435696                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 224959435696                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50687839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     50687839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50687839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     50687839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     50687839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     50687839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.338667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.338667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.338667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13104.714581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13104.714581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13104.714581                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13104.714581                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13104.714581                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13104.714581                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         6449                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         6449                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17166298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     17166298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17166298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     17166298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17166298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     17166298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 171526437686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 171526437686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 171526437686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 171526437686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 171526437686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 171526437686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9992.045908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9992.045908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9992.045908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9992.045908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9992.045908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9992.045908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              26402067                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               509749666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              26402579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 19.306813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    377718835                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      377718835                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    131376718                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     131376718                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    509095553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       509095553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    509095553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      509095553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     26901895                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     26901895                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10243294                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10243294                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     37145189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      37145189                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     37145189                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     37145189                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 826785835955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 826785835955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 292391611350                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 292391611350                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1119177447305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1119177447305                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1119177447305                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1119177447305                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    404620730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    404620730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    141620012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    141620012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    546240742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    546240742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    546240742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    546240742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072329                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.068001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30733.367889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30733.367889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28544.686050                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28544.686050                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30129.808932                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30129.808932                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30129.808932                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30129.808932                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     15079579                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         15079579                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10184121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     10184121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        22253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        22253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10206374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10206374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10206374                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10206374                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16717774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16717774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10221041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     10221041                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26938815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     26938815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26938815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     26938815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 384687072917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 384687072917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 254216646592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 254216646592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 638903719509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 638903719509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 638903719509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 638903719509                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    118380064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    118380064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    344877034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    344877034                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    463257098                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    463257098                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072172                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23010.663556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23010.663556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24871.893831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24871.893831                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23716.845730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23716.845730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23716.845730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23716.845730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3282331073                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       312904152                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    312904152                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     34217475                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    225976597                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       181370623                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1041817534                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1729797242                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          312904152                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    181370623                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            512004833                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      177703883                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          45997640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    1144072445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        93689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       844816                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1264                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        266326029                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     16641393                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes         667665                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2887799785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.050058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.497477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2384224645     82.56%     82.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        31948633      1.11%     83.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        31922981      1.11%     84.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        44163083      1.53%     86.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        34828620      1.21%     87.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        41512790      1.44%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        30752594      1.06%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        34891157      1.21%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       253555282      8.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2887799785                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.095330                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.527003                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1079044988                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   1174156787                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        470553265                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     21077181                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     142967564                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    2959375966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          971                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     142967564                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1124505608                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      963353719                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     18896678                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        442299078                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    195777138                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    2875088140                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      1631171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      30681661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    155486066                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       977451                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   3234355652                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   7227541424                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   7204713018                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     22828406                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   2086474885                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      1147880759                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       430517                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       433293                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        415480329                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    552637008                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    219883184                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     35945358                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     22907705                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        2748896839                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1090879                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       2402437629                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      6294742                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    881515465                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   1309899190                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       510464                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2887799785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.831927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.471993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1901963427     65.86%     65.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    366339923     12.69%     78.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    244199268      8.46%     87.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    149688665      5.18%     92.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    103117581      3.57%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     67537986      2.34%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     38717817      1.34%     99.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     13714925      0.47%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2520193      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2887799785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        3868616     35.01%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     35.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        10834      0.10%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     35.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4481661     40.56%     75.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2687589     24.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     16361367      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1730582358     72.03%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3498773      0.15%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.86% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    469416668     19.54%     92.40% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    182578463      7.60%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    2402437629                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.731930                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           11048700                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004599                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   7709701752                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3620230904                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2324330140                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     13771792                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     11686154                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      6405256                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    2390261545                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        6863417                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     52144778                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    189068370                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       466557                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       436157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     78263491                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       187314                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3850                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     142967564                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      697135713                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     14096773                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2749987718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     16705896                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    552637008                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    219883190                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       841575                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       4855957                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      1623071                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       436157                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     23533018                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     13304198                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     36837216                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   2364205613                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    457008391                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     38232016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           636168231                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       227563216                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         179159840                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.720282                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            2337942022                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           2330735396                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       1629932681                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       2512995051                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.710085                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648602                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    919350493                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       580415                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     34319843                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2744868575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.667390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.708975                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   2168275664     78.99%     78.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    203883436      7.43%     86.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     88400008      3.22%     89.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    108484642      3.95%     93.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     40720683      1.48%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23625492      0.86%     95.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     17383639      0.63%     96.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     12310987      0.45%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     81784024      2.98%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2744868575                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1052343907                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1831898505                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             505188342                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            363568636                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             116607                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         192591235                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           5140207                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1820636322                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     81784024                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          5414196671                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         5646071283                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                8100105                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              394531288                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         11762403088                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1052343907                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1831898505                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1052343907                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.119067                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.119067                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.320609                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.320609                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      4586988380                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     2604126121                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          6202862                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         4578054                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     1131963718                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        411563                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2708                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       204352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        94640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        98797040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        16865728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          115966908                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     98797040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      98797040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     11958578                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        13209834                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               89                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        25544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        11830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         12349630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          2583866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            14971264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              83                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1608471                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1628074                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                540                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        40786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19718830                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3366218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23145751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19718830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19718830                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249343                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               394                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2386804                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2636541                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       249830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        40786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18889                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19718830                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           5753022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             25782292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1876                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        1144                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        20                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        20                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   19                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   4822                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       40                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       3020                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            8                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2995                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    1827                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             4                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             4                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 22                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15045913974                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   9365334                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    17709879                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            17638913                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                10622                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1344306                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   17638913                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       10622                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          45320850                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         20331658                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              16219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6958                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     4201644                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   2589186                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1612458                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15025215719.715006                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             20698254.284994                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001376                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998624                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
