
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  29917                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    53734                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               15781551                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    18.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549699                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987324                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        70144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              251456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        52288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            52288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 817                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    183630213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1544966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    431928277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    241897492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              867167195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    431928277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432369696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        180319572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             180319572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        180319572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    183630213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6179863                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1544966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    431928277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    241897492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1047486767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      830                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.287009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      830                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063834000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.287009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.517938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.517938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            832                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             846                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       612000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147120896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147120896                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147732896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    147732896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147732896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    147732896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43714.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43714.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       176828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       176828                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174625.172577                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174625.172577                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174625.172577                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174625.172577                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       864400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  79                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10941.772152                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            817                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 817                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       434200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       434200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    137096800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137096800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    137531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    137531000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    137531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    137531000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31014.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31014.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164779.807692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164779.807692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162566.193853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162566.193853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162566.193853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162566.193853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           13                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        53248                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           13                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           200                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1680.414016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              50                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           76.189191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.604167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.194730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.734753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1107.020882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    462.670355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.018601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.270269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.112957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.410257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2448                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1652                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          538                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4743                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             559                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  559                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   78                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2448                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1652                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          616                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4821                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          829                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2858                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3136                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2935003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       735215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204302921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86864342                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      294837481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28647592                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28647592                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2935003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       735215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204302921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115511934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       323485073                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2935003                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       735215                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204302921                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115511934                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      323485073                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          356                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              356                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.545655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606437                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.376003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.780899                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.780899                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.545655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.642484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.394118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.545655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.642484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.394118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104821.535714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91901.875000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102975.262601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104782.077201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103162.169699                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103048.892086                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103048.892086                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104821.535714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91901.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102975.262601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104346.823848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103152.127870                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 104821.535714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91901.875000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102975.262601                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104346.823848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103152.127870                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       11                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2781503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       691315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193351473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82325048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279149339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94659                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        94659                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27104892                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27104892                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2781503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       691315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193351473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109429940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    306254231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2781503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       691315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    193351473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    109429940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    306254231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3185414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3185414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7063069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7063069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10248483                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10248483                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.545655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.606437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.780899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.780899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.545655                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.642484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.392987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.011309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.070796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.545655                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.642484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.392987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99339.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86414.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97455.379536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99306.451146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97981.515971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94659                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94659                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97499.611511                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97499.611511                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99339.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86414.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97455.379536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98852.700994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97938.673169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99339.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 86414.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97455.379536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98852.700994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97938.673169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1657.888125                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.346043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    20.908083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.205419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1136.043194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    484.385463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.050595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     38                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   11                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      38                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           27                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     38                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          819                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2820                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                277                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3097                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2684403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       652615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186289203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79310030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268936251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26071089                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26071089                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2684403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       652615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186289203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105381119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       295007340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2684403                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       652615                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186289203                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105381119                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      295007340                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               11                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              277                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3135                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3135                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986391                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.986704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.987879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.987879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95871.535714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93230.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95191.212570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96837.643468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95367.464894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94119.454874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94119.454874                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95871.535714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93230.714286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95191.212570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96150.656022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95255.841137                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95871.535714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93230.714286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95191.212570                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96150.656022                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95255.841137                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3088                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2295897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158793110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67884365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229528272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22121740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22121740                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2295897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158793110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90006105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251650012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2295897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       554900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    158793110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     90006105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251650012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2836640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2836640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9153140                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9153140                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986391                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.987937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.983555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986391                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985008                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.875000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.986391                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985008                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81996.321429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79271.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81141.088401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82886.892552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81653.600854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79861.877256                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79861.877256                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81996.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79271.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81141.088401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82122.358577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81492.879534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81996.321429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79271.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81141.088401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82122.358577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81492.879534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3126                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               436.959890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3126                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.789187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971067236300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.792880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   436.167010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.851889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.853437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31014                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31033                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31014                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31033                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4262                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4260                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4262                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288111125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    288111125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288111125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    288111125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    288111125                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    288111125                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120769                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120754                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67631.719484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67599.982403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67631.719484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67599.982403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67631.719484                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67599.982403                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225863157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225863157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225863157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225863157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    225863157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225863157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.103079                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.103079                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.103079                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62118.580033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62118.580033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62118.580033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62118.580033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62118.580033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62118.580033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          105                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.592620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.819048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.330837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.261783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.578861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          310                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          310                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          310                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          310                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          116                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2308043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2308043                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2308043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2308043                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2308043                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2308043                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.267139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.272300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.267139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.272300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.267139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.272300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20425.159292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19896.922414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20425.159292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19896.922414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20425.159292                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19896.922414                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1954069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1954069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1954069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1954069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1954069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1954069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.267139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.267139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.267139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.265258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17292.646018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17292.646018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17292.646018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17292.646018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17292.646018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17292.646018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2464                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.349339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2464                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.104708                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.064477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.284862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.066530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.767804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.834334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          346                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          346                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          346                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2480                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2480                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31639103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31639103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31639103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31639103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31639103                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31639103                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.877565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.877565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.877565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12773.154219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12757.702823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12773.154219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12757.702823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12773.154219                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12757.702823                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2477                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24019683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24019683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24019683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24019683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24019683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24019683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.876504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9697.086395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9697.086395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9697.086395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9697.086395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9697.086395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9697.086395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1231                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               353.841070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   39599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 32.168156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.488082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   353.352989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.690143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.691096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34514                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34514                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20715                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20715                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55229                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2681                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2682                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3052                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    209950458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    209950458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32381650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32381650                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242332108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    242332108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    242332108                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    242332108                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        37195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        37196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        58280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.072105                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017548                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.017548                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78310.502797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78281.304251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87517.972973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87517.972973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79427.108489                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79401.083879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79427.108489                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79401.083879                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          559                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              559                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     95732563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95732563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30062517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30062517                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125795080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125795080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125795080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125795080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3327466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3327466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7329308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7329308                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10656774                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10656774                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.029616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70031.136064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70031.136064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83739.601671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83739.601671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72882.433372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72882.433372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72882.433372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72882.433372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  822450                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49307                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7371                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35869                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21521                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       195881                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                230538                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49307                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21521                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70469                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28258                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1906                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        166518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           12                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          603                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35274                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4333                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             38                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       455929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.963725                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.442433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          387235     84.93%     84.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3050      0.67%     85.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2726      0.60%     86.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3886      0.85%     87.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6211      1.36%     88.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4119      0.90%     89.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6224      1.37%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3377      0.74%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           39101      8.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       455929                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059951                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.280306                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          192181                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       177129                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64295                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20540                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        422040                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20540                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          197633                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         105931                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        58624                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60545                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12643                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        400347                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2901                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7743                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          128                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       439289                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1001730                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1001640                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284772                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154500                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1364                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1364                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37020                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49796                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30688                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2298                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1211                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            370331                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           335797                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1687                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       110446                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       157422                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          995                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       455929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.736512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.505644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       333273     73.10%     73.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39791      8.73%     81.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        26097      5.72%     87.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19981      4.38%     91.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14818      3.25%     95.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10849      2.38%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8005      1.76%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2598      0.57%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          517      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       455929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            894     51.41%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     51.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           427     24.55%     75.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          418     24.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4138      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259856     77.38%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        45062     13.42%     92.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26731      7.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        335797                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.408289                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1739                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1131845                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       483025                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       320321                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        333384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5525                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16619                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          135                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9557                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20540                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93308                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          938                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       372479                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6070                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49796                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30688                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1759                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           495                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           54                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1827                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6707                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8534                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325868                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42822                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         9928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68466                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33827                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25644                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.396216                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                321153                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               320330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208974                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           341019                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.389483                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.612793                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       119233                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7451                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       435537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.581484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.549684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       350758     80.53%     80.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30194      6.93%     87.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16235      3.73%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13252      3.04%     94.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8051      1.85%     96.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3405      0.78%     96.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2344      0.54%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2839      0.65%     98.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8459      1.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       435537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133890                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54304                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33174                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27944                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251212                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8459                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              799367                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             765744                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2344                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 366521                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                2173                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.142729                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.142729                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.162794                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.162794                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          646254                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         349489                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         140185                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003771                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003771220318                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975273998727                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  38344                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    72370                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1653762935                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4580400                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12095.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   463801227                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     875381921                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2590848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        24896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         8256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       569728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      7757184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            12011776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       569728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         569728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8941952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          8941952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             40482                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8902                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       121206                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               187684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         139718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              139718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              129518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        28481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       387786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 600476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        28481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             28481                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           447013                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                447013                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           447013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             129518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        28481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       387786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1047489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    93632                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.858488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      40819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    93647                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.435882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.010937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.847552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.928656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          10926                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             10926                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4634                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4634                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           15560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              15560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          15560                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             15560                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        68957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           69217                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        75145                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          91785                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        144102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           161002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       144102                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          161002                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2793840833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2805204833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2930413920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   5056954000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7987367920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2941777920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7850794833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10792572753                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2941777920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7850794833                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10792572753                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        79883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         80143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        79779                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        96419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       159662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         176562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       159662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        176562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863225                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.863669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.951939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.911872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.911872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43707.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40515.695767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40527.685872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176106.605769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67295.947834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87022.584518                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174069.699408                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54480.817983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67033.780655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174069.699408                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54480.817983                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67033.780655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21674300                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1891                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11461.819143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          57727                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               57727                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        68957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        75145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        91785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       144102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       161002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       144102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       161002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      8070400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1934508990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1942579390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2729864000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4129139805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6859003805                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2737934400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6063648795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8801583195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2737934400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6063648795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8801583195                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863225                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.941915                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951939                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.902544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28053.845005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28065.061907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164054.326923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54948.962739                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74729.027673                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162007.952663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42078.866324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54667.539503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162007.952663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42078.866324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54667.539503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1529603                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4020.406016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        18808971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1533657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         12.264131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1152.662184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.007512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.003762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.000015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    42.601908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    13.127978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2173.772998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    637.229645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.281412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.010401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.530706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.155574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.981544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2638256                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       214223                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11091664                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2472892                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               16417035                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2654138                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              2654138                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        98485                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               98485                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       597971                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               597971                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2638256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       214223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11091664                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      3070863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                17015006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2638256                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       214223                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11091664                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3070863                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               17015006                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22376                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7014                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       777065                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       464003                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1270458                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        32050                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             32050                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       283574                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             283574                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       777065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       747577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1554032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22376                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7014                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       777065                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       747577                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1554032                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    506343448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    163172567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17600091179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13717902911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    31987510105                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1067876811                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1067876811                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16680569464                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16680569464                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    506343448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    163172567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17600091179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30398472375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     48668079569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    506343448                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    163172567                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17600091179                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30398472375                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    48668079569                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2660632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221237                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11868729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2936895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           17687493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2654138                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          2654138                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       130535                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          130535                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       881545                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           881545                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2660632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11868729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3818440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            18569038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2660632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11868729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3818440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           18569038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.065472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.157991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.071828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245528                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.245528                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.321678                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.321678                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031704                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.065472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.195781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.083689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031704                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.065472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.195781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.083689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22628.863425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23263.839036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22649.445257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29564.254781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25177.935914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33319.089267                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33319.089267                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58822.633471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58822.633471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22628.863425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23263.839036                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22649.445257                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40662.664013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31317.295634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22628.863425                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23263.839036                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22649.445257                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 40662.664013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31317.295634                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              481813                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   481813                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                27                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       777062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       463979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1270431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        32050                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        32050                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       283574                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        283574                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       777062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       747553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1554005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       777062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       747553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1554005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    386488863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    124316256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13180170733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11136328405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24827304257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1788398222                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1788398222                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15088674272                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15088674272                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    386488863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    124316256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13180170733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26225002677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39915978529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    386488863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    124316256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  13180170733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26225002677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39915978529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4530344493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4530344493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8789570609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8789570609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13319915102                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13319915102                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.065471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.157983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245528                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.245528                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.321678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.321678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031704                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.065471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.195774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.083688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.031704                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.065471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.195774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17272.473320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17724.017109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16961.543266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24001.794057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19542.426355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55800.256537                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55800.256537                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53208.948183                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53208.948183                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17272.473320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17724.017109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16961.543266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35081.128264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25685.875225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17272.473320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17724.017109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16961.543266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35081.128264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25685.875225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        105933                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     31980.568540                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1572303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        138257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         11.372321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        21584.113581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.036938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.021585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.216837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.041330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   111.687027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.775398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4356.978298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5881.697545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.658695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001305                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.132964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.179495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.975969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21987                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6885                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       768159                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       379546                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                1176577                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          481813                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               481813                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          470                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 470                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       143696                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               143696                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       768159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       523242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 1320273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        21987                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6885                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       768159                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       523242                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                1320273                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          389                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8903                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        84433                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                93854                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54211                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             54211                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       117247                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             117247                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       201680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                211101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          389                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8903                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       201680                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               211101                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36240521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12021157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    832633540                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4393458042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5274353260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    819779333                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    819779333                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10308255223                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10308255223                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36240521                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12021157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    832633540                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14701713265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     15582608483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36240521                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12021157                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    832633540                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14701713265                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    15582608483                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       777062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       463979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1270431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       481813                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           481813                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        54681                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           54681                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       260943                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           260943                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       777062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       724922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1531374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        22376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         7014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       777062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       724922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1531374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.073876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991405                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.991405                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.449320                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.449320                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.137851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.137851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93163.293059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93187.263566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93522.805796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52034.844693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56197.426428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15122.010902                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15122.010902                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87919.138426                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87919.138426                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93163.293059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93187.263566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93522.805796                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72896.237926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73815.891365                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93163.293059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93187.263566                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93522.805796                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72896.237926                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73815.891365                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               81991                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    81991                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        84433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           93854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54211                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        54211                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       117247                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        117247                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       201680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           211101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       201680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          211101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30794603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10214128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    707103015                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3206447978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3954559724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2985660293                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2985660293                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8617592443                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8617592443                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30794603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10214128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    707103015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11824040421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12572152167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30794603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10214128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    707103015                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11824040421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12572152167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4037941643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4037941643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7830607877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7830607877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11868549520                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11868549520                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181976                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.991405                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991405                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.449320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.137851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79163.503856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79179.286822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79423.005167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37976.241256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42135.228376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55074.805722                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55074.805722                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73499.470716                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73499.470716                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79163.503856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79179.286822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79423.005167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58627.729180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59555.152117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79163.503856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79179.286822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79423.005167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58627.729180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59555.152117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1278630                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1612658                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18455                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15593                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10702                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15588                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1156297                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     34048                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2891288                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1702                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   511356                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   644942                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            923                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            780                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               10123                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11868734                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                33936782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11869246                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.859220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33929317                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       33929317                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33929317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        33929317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33929317                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       33929317                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12367097                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12367097                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12367097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12367097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12367097                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12367097                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 165947026231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 165947026231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 165947026231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 165947026231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 165947026231                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 165947026231                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46296414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46296414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46296414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     46296414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46296414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     46296414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.267129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.267129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.267129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13418.430067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13418.430067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13418.430067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13418.430067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13418.430067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13418.430067                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       107734                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 35911.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       497876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       497876                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       497876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       497876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       497876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       497876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11869221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11869221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11869221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11869221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11869221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11869221                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 118748229584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 118748229584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 118748229584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 118748229584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 118748229584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 118748229584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.256375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.256375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.256375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10004.719736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10004.719736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10004.719736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10004.719736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10004.719736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10004.719736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       221373                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        268552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       221389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.213032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972576881300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       268134                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       268134                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       268134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       268134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       268134                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       268134                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221581                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       221581                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       221581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221581                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       221581                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3814792349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3814792349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3814792349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3814792349                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3814792349                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3814792349                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       489715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       489715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       489715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.452469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.452469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.452469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.452469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.452469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.452469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17216.243040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17216.243040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17216.243040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17216.243040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17216.243040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17216.243040                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3281                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3281                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       221581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       221581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       221581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       221581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3134671150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134671150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3134671150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134671150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3134671150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3134671150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.452469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.452469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.452469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14146.840884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14146.840884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14146.840884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14146.840884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14146.840884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14146.840884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2662000                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        351735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2662016                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.132131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       351324                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       351324                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       351324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       351324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       351324                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       351324                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2663324                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2663324                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2663324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2663324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2663324                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2663324                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  43866245213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  43866245213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  43866245213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  43866245213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  43866245213                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  43866245213                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3014648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3014648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3014648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      3014648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3014648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      3014648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.883461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.883461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.883461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16470.487711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16470.487711                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16470.487711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16470.487711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16470.487711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16470.487711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         5339                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         5339                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2663324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2663324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2663324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2663324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2663324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2663324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  35746988831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35746988831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  35746988831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35746988831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  35746988831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35746988831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.883461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.883461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13421.945220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13421.945220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13421.945220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13421.945220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13421.945220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13421.945220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               3786890                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               506.689102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                96640423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               3787395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 25.516331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          4971509413000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   506.689102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.989627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.989627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     59765110                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       59765110                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     36711152                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36711152                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     96476262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        96476262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     96476262                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       96476262                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4604477                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      4604477                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1017445                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1017445                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5621922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       5621922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5621922                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      5621922                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98627511534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  98627511534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  31993703751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31993703751                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130621215285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 130621215285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 130621215285                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 130621215285                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     64369587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     64369587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37728597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37728597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102098184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    102098184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    102098184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    102098184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026967                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026967                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.055064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.055064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21419.916211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21419.916211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31445.143227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31445.143227                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23234.263173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23234.263173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23234.263173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23234.263173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2645520                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2645520                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1664082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1664082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        11566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        11566                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1675648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1675648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1675648                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1675648                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2940395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2940395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1005879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1005879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3946274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3946274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3946274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3946274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50343767863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50343767863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28226679722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28226679722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78570447585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  78570447585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  78570447585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  78570447585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4729241360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4729241360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9152816388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9152816388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13882057748                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13882057748                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.045680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.026661                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026661                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17121.430237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17121.430237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28061.704959                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28061.704959                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19910.033511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19910.033511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19910.033511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19910.033511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               765979351                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        57623693                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     57623693                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7436479                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     48808869                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        29672954                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    399747831                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             284218332                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           57623693                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     29672954                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             91197596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       26399210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2551008                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     153880805                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       201918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       309199                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         46296416                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5269576                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          97910                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    666325121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.814186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.261687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       578113247     86.76%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6258339      0.94%     87.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4509223      0.68%     88.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         7013350      1.05%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5391556      0.81%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6142706      0.92%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6169611      0.93%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         4918511      0.74%     92.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        47808578      7.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    666325121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.075229                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.371052                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       395488289                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    166171455                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         84637874                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1590776                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      18436727                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     531428463                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          389                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      18436727                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       400612638                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       48810683                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    105762757                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         81084666                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     11617650                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     515182706                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        48671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        889914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      7342508                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        16492                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    566762860                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1297570014                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1287161451                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10408563                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    432370281                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       134392697                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2926111                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2950884                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         37699669                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     77479659                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     47134929                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6903938                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4074589                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         492846592                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4069458                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        464686409                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1128375                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     97669945                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    138256566                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1178761                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    666325121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.697387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.442977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    487111549     73.10%     73.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     62823292      9.43%     82.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     42504993      6.38%     88.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     25887426      3.89%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     20324835      3.05%     95.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     14168513      2.13%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8377939      1.26%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4231278      0.64%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       895296      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    666325121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         803966     30.12%     30.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       105878      3.97%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1035153     38.78%     72.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       724142     27.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3170161      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    341708471     73.54%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2850216      0.61%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     73118874     15.74%     90.57% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     43838687      9.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     464686409                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.606657                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2669139                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005744                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1593339632                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    589429606                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    448361865                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7090067                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5272699                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3214316                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     460600301                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3585086                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      6586268                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16623742                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        86115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       121091                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9333751                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        96457                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      18436727                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       39449794                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       449410                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    496916050                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4119443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     77479659                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     47135212                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3543977                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        176361                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        13653                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       121091                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3103859                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5122710                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8226569                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    456933757                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     71080715                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7752652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           113951529                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        45881961                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          42870814                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.596535                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             452225955                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            451576181                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        291151046                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        453200034                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.589541                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.642434                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    107194172                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2890697                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7461294                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    648253627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.600879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.569497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    517577513     79.84%     79.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     47334723      7.30%     87.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     22154658      3.42%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     23658666      3.65%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     11900161      1.84%     96.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4914450      0.76%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3891419      0.60%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3195603      0.49%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13626434      2.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    648253627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    206767776                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     389522138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              98657393                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             60855928                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             427436                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          40761519                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2584358                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        385743602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     13626434                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1130755963                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1011899657                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                5883326                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               99654230                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59304186853                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          206767776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            389522138                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    206767776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.704539                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.704539                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.269939                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.269939                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       906197520                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      488914975                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          5739576                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3035909                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      211469158                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2655406                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2531250                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1218088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        72432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2740267992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       453817775                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3197913321                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2740267992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2740267992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2197222                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    305622994                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       310781624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            82296                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       152261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9054                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        342533499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         71920137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           414697970                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           77786                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        45480252                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           45604310                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             126539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        60893                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          136987569                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22686611                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             159865522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     136987569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        136987569                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            109840                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15278269                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15536152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            236379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        60893                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         136987569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          37964880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            175401673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1612658                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1278630                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15593                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18455                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11682                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18450                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1156297                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    34048                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2891288                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1702                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  644942                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  511356                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           780                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           923                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9226                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073252898                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 255951283                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   483933864                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           479558730                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2057321                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     33170502                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  479558730                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2057321                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1225385956                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        538368975                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3434453                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1680452                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   117473574                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  71938154                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 45535420                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59504575433.801781                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             568677464.198222                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009466                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990534                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
