
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 156804                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   279597                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               85320734                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490284                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536698                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956987                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        80064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        80960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              304128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        78400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            78400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1251                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1265                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4752                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    274161727                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    277229884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1041420086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         466359837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        268463722                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             268463722                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        268463722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    274161727                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15340784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466140683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    277229884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1309883808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1253                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.704524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613978000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.704524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.544033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.544033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1262                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1262                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1282                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1282                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229209840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    229209840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230049840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    230049840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230049840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    230049840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1262                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        42000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        42000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 181624.278922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181624.278922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179446.053042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179446.053042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179446.053042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179446.053042                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1340500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 144                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9309.027778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1233                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1233                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       593700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       593700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    214165292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214165292                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    214758992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    214758992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    214758992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    214758992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        29685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        29685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 169703.083994                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169703.083994                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167518.714509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167518.714509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167518.714509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167518.714509                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           300                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1838.658954                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              95                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.316667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          111.650906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.937296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.559641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.169266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1168.912154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    507.429824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.027259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.285379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.123884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.448891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2460                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1610                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          676                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4843                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             898                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  898                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4971                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2460                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           97                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1610                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          804                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4971                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          962                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3241                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3556                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7776736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2884784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223529283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103387720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337578523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32771370                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32771370                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7776736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2884784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223529283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136159090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       370349893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7776736                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2884784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223529283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136159090                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      370349893                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8084                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          898                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              898                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          442                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              443                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8527                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8527                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.587302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.400915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.710407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.711061                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211382                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613462                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.417028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211382                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613462                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.417028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108010.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110953.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103056.377593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 107471.642412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104158.754397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104367.420382                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104036.095238                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108010.222222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110953.230769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103056.377593                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106707.750784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104147.888920                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 108010.222222                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 110953.230769                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103056.377593                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106707.750784                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104147.888920                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  31                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       31                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7380283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2742184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211552717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98117016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319792200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31028870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31028870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7380283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2742184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211552717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129145886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350821070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7380283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2742184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211552717                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129145886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350821070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3182301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3182301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7060615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7060615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10242916                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10242916                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.587302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.399431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.710407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211382                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.415504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.211382                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.573961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.613462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102503.930556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105468.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97534.678193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101992.740125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99037.534841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98818.057325                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98818.057325                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102503.930556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105468.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97534.678193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101211.509404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99018.083545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102503.930556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105468.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97534.678193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101211.509404                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99018.083545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1785.279363                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            1.792177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.681085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.248268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1198.477649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    532.080320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     53                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              31                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   31                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      53                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           42                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     53                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          953                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3188                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3502                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7111283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2652972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203680027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94646811                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      308091093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29881427                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29881427                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7111283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2652972                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203680027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124528238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       337972520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7111283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2652972                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203680027                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124528238                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      337972520                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           31                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               31                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           72                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.983647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.985091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.985091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101589.757143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102037.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95759.298072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99314.597062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96640.869824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95467.817891                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95163.780255                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101589.757143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102037.384615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95759.298072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98363.537125                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96508.429469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101589.757143                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 102037.384615                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95759.298072                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98363.537125                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96508.429469                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2127                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6138959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2292145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173805158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81363485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263599747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25434444                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25434444                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6138959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2292145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173805158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106797929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289034191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6138959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2292145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173805158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106797929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289034191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.990644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.979944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.981435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.980636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.992941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87699.414286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88159.423077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81713.755524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85376.164743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82997.401448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81260.204473                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81260.204473                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87699.414286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88159.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81713.755524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84358.553712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82841.556606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87699.414286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 88159.423077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81713.755524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84358.553712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82841.556606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3268                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.563322                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.796512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598617182300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.299378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.263944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26139                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26148                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26139                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26148                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4454                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4455                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4454                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4455                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    314456797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    314456797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    314456797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    314456797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    314456797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    314456797                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.145574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.145574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.145589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.145574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70600.987203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70585.139618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70600.987203                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70585.139618                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70600.987203                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70585.139618                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246223033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    246223033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246223033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    246223033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    246223033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    246223033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65155.605451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65155.605451                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65155.605451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65155.605451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 65155.605451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65155.605451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          110                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.089450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.418182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598747938000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.954942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.684684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.693091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          408                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          408                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          126                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          126                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4444347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4444347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4444347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4444347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4444347                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4444347                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          531                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          531                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.231638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.235955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.231638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.235955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.231638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.235955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36132.902439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35272.595238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36132.902439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35272.595238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 36132.902439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35272.595238                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4048013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4048013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4048013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4048013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4048013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4048013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.231638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.231638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.231638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.230337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32910.674797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32910.674797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32910.674797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32910.674797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32910.674797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32910.674797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2523                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.916687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.272295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619405300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.819288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.097399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          756                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          756                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          756                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          756                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2540                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2540                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36922566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36922566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36922566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36922566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36922566                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36922566                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.770631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.770631                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.770631                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14576.615081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14536.443307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14576.615081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14536.443307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14576.615081                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14536.443307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29098861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29098861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29098861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29098861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29098861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29098861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.770143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.768507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11487.904066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11487.904066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11487.904066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11487.904066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11487.904066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11487.904066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1825                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               234.685821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   42089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.062466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598543281300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.364748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   234.321073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.915317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.916741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31404                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31404                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17348                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17349                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48752                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48753                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2955                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2956                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          461                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          462                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3416                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3418                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    225519748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    225519748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37820577                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37820577                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263340325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    263340325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    263340325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    263340325                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.086004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.086030                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025886                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065515                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065515                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76318.019628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76292.201624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82040.297180                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81862.720779                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77090.259075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77045.150673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77090.259075                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77045.150673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          898                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              898                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1329                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    115719857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115719857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     35176918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35176918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    150896775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150896775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    150896775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150896775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3325209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3325209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326940                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10652149                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10652149                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025212                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025209                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70647.043346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70647.043346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78345.028953                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78345.028953                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72303.198371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72303.198371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72303.198371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72303.198371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876716                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44600                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44600                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6855                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32670                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18069                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       198204                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212826                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44600                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18069                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62957                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27576                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4440                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        168306                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          323                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30593                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4036                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             73                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       454972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.870119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.341982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          393345     86.45%     86.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2776      0.61%     87.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2482      0.55%     87.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3350      0.74%     88.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5043      1.11%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3737      0.82%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5923      1.30%     91.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2833      0.62%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35483      7.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       454972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050872                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242754                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          196286                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178969                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57038                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2221                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20455                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        380312                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20455                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          201482                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         110345                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        55007                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54060                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13620                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        361679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       399010                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       904485                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       904335                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244710                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154190                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1081                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1076                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36869                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47711                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27471                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3188                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1366                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336307                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1763                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           298306                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1823                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       112002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       167798                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          872                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       454972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.655658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.425398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       343899     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37211      8.18%     83.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23659      5.20%     88.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18263      4.01%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12970      2.85%     95.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9837      2.16%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6461      1.42%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2219      0.49%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          453      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       454972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            729     48.12%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           416     27.46%     75.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          370     24.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3239      1.09%      1.09% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229923     77.08%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41772     14.00%     92.17% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23362      7.83%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        298306                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.340254                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1515                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005079                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1055912                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       450151                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284575                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5242                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18066                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          123                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9611                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20455                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          94576                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1023                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       338070                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47711                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27471                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1377                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           538                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1482                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6480                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7962                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289775                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39677                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8531                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29696                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22347                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330523                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285353                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               284592                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187122                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297650                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324611                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628665                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120874                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6895                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       434606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.499648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.432022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       360160     82.87%     82.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27551      6.34%     89.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13776      3.17%     92.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11742      2.70%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6843      1.57%     96.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3359      0.77%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1966      0.45%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2814      0.65%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6395      1.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       434606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       118021                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        217150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47470                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29613                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24078                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           215185                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6395                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              766092                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             696736                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2643                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 421744                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             118021                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               217150                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       118021                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.428475                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.428475                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134617                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134617                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          562034                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         310901                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127005                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.124300                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2124300232008                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9723363385518                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  60883                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   106204                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               64412319                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5019704                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 32979.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2007917262                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3502583907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1470400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4297280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       839872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     60983232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    299337728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           366932096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60983232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       60983232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    168967808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        168967808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        22975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67145                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13123                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       952863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4677152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5733314                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2640122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2640122                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       692181                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2022916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       395364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     28707445                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    140911216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              172730808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     28707445                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          28707445                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         79540455                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              79540455                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         79540455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       692181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2022916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       395364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     28707445                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    140911216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             252271264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23402                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         32                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.994056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.005498                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          359                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             400                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22976                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23047                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23335                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23447                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14922000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1951616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16873616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4130019128                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5535000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4135554128                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4144941128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7486616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4152427744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4144941128                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7486616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4152427744                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           76                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23052                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.968523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999783                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41565.459610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47600.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42184.040000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179753.618036                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 77957.746479                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179440.019439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177627.646368                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66844.785714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177098.466499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177627.646368                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66844.785714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177098.466499                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28986400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2690                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10775.613383                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23023                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23023                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22976                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23047                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10544100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1443300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11987400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3853194440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4665200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3857859640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3863738540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6108500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3869847040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3863738540                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6108500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3869847040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.759259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.968523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999783                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.861538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29370.752089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35202.439024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29968.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167705.189763                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 65707.042254                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167390.968022                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165576.967645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54540.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165046.574828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 165576.967645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54540.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165046.574828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          359                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1470464                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          359                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      19956782                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4051.698980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       104834849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      19960876                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          5.252016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7625036397000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1018.171358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.005691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.003039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   146.788378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    46.221481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    907.333777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1933.175257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.248577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011285                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.221517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.471967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.989184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30743239                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2438457                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10755628                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     32224996                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               76162320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        32455069                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             32455069                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1031094                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1031094                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14491256                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             14491256                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30743239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2438457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10755628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     46716252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                90653576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30743239                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2438457                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     10755628                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     46716252                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               90653576                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       428335                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145400                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4561427                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     11029386                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             16164548                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7860                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7860                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3779448                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            3779448                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       428335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4561427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     14808834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              19943996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       428335                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145400                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4561427                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     14808834                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             19943996                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14741436290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4285848923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 176385275049                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 455878180361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   651290740623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125681418                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    125681418                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 246574256799                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 246574256799                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14741436290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4285848923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 176385275049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 702452437160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    897864997422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  14741436290                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   4285848923                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 176385275049                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 702452437160                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   897864997422                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31171574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2583857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15317055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     43254382                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           92326868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     32455069                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         32455069                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1038954                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1038954                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18270704                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         18270704                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31171574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2583857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15317055                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     61525086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           110597572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31171574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2583857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15317055                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     61525086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          110597572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.297801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.254989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.175080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007565                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.007565                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.206858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.206858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.297801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.180329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.297801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.180329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34415.670655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29476.264945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38668.880385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41333.051573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40291.305431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15990.002290                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15990.002290                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65240.812097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65240.812097                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34415.670655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29476.264945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38668.880385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47434.689129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45019.312951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 34415.670655                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29476.264945                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 38668.880385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47434.689129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45019.312951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             7741985                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  7741985                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           57                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           57                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           57                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               149                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       428290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4561424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11029342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16164399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7860                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7860                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3779448                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3779448                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       428290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4561424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14808790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         19943847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       428290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      4561424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14808790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        19943847                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12410882577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3480867696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 150580688808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 394199471664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 560671910745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    645039647                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    645039647                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 225448897367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 225448897367                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12410882577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3480867696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 150580688808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 619648369031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 786120808112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12410882577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3480867696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 150580688808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 619648369031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 786120808112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     94404870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     94404870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    221895122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    221895122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    316299992                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    316299992                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.297800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.254988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007565                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007565                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.206858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.297800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.180328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.056250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.297800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.240695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28977.754739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23949.331554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33011.771940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35740.978171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34685.602029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82066.112850                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82066.112850                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59651.276421                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59651.276421                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28977.754739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23949.331554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33011.771940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41843.281526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39416.708728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 28977.754739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23949.331554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33011.771940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 41843.281526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39416.708728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5684446                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32214.248263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        18194828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5716946                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.182613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7628450110220                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11700.824503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.089184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.057239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   502.940317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   130.712148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6451.126271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13428.490169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.357081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.196873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.409805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       361145                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       132220                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3608560                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8418184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               12520109                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         7741985                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              7741985                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1271                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1713179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1713179                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       361145                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       132220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3608560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     10131363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                14233288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       361145                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       132220                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      3608560                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     10131363                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               14233288                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67145                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13123                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       952864                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2611158                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3644290                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6641                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              6641                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2066217                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2066217                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       952864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4677375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5710507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67145                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13123                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       952864                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4677375                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5710507                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6262867634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1243394433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89030789136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 244266775068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   340803826271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     53883583                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     53883583                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 191806035968                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 191806035968                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6262867634                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1243394433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89030789136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 436072811036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    532609862239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6262867634                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1243394433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  89030789136                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 436072811036                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   532609862239                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       428290                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4561424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11029342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           16164399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7741985                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          7741985                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         7912                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            7912                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3779396                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3779396                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       428290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4561424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14808738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            19943795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       428290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       145343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      4561424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14808738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           19943795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090290                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.236746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.225452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.839358                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.839358                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.546706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.546706                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090290                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.286330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.286330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93273.775173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94749.251924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93434.938392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93547.297815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93517.208090                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8113.775486                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8113.775486                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92829.570160                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92829.570160                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93273.775173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94749.251924                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93434.938392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93230.243681                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93268.401954                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93273.775173                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94749.251924                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93434.938392                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93230.243681                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93268.401954                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2617099                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2617099                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       952864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2611158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3644290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         6641                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         6641                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2066217                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2066217                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13123                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       952864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4677375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5710507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        67145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        13123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       952864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4677375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5710507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5321159938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1060001115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75595128283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 207482906210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 289459195546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    519830372                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    519830372                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162201788475                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 162201788475                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5321159938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1060001115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75595128283                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 369684694685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 451660984021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5321159938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1060001115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  75595128283                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 369684694685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 451660984021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     84294356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     84294356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    194426506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    194426506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    278720862                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    278720862                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.236746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.225452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.839358                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.839358                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.546706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.546706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.286330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.156775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.090290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.208896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.315852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.286330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79248.789009                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80774.298179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79334.646165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79460.111648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79428.145275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78275.918085                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78275.918085                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78501.816835                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78501.816835                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79248.789009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80774.298179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79334.646165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79036.787661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79092.974410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79248.789009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80774.298179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79334.646165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79036.787661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79092.974410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          696                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         12                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9219                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        30                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2448                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2621                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     6598                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              8                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              15317100                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               488945178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              15317612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.920457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    488936941                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      488936941                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    488936941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       488936941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    488936941                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      488936941                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16550735                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16550735                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16550735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16550735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16550735                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16550735                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417422506291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 417422506291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417422506291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 417422506291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 417422506291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 417422506291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    505487676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    505487676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    505487676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    505487676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    505487676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    505487676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25220.783626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25220.783626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25220.783626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25220.783626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25220.783626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25220.783626                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9482197                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40871.538793                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1233552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1233552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1233552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1233552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1233552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1233552                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15317183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15317183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15317183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15317183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15317183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15317183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 323434992057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 323434992057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 323434992057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 323434992057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 323434992057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 323434992057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21115.827372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21115.827372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21115.827372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21115.827372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21115.827372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21115.827372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2583995                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8962259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2584011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.468352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8962016                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8962016                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8962016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8962016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8962016                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8962016                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2584202                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2584202                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2584202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2584202                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2584202                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2584202                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  42992331111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42992331111                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  42992331111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42992331111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  42992331111                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42992331111                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11546218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11546218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11546218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11546218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11546218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11546218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.223814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.223814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.223814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16636.598498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16636.598498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16636.598498                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16636.598498                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16636.598498                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16636.598498                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         1360                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         1360                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2584202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2584202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2584202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2584202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2584202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2584202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34879394207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34879394207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34879394207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34879394207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  34879394207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34879394207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.223814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.223814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13497.162454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13497.162454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13497.162454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13497.162454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13497.162454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13497.162454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     31177165                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      60084556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     31177181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.927197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60083985                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     60083985                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60083985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     60083985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     60083985                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     60083985                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31184966                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     31184966                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31184966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     31184966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31184966                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     31184966                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 420653260053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 420653260053                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 420653260053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 420653260053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 420653260053                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 420653260053                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91268951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     91268951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91268951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     91268951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     91268951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     91268951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.341682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.341682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.341682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13488.976068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13488.976068                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13488.976068                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13488.976068                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13488.976068                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13488.976068                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        40490                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        40490                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31184966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     31184966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31184966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     31184966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31184966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     31184966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 323765894941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 323765894941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 323765894941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 323765894941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 323765894941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 323765894941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.341682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10382.114732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10382.114732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10382.114732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10382.114732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10382.114732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10382.114732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              61525212                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.999946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               963020697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              61525468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.652391                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.999946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    713368501                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      713368501                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    248423613                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     248423613                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    961792114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       961792114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    961792114                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      961792114                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     64466278                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     64466278                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19340108                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19340108                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     83806386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      83806386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     83806386                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     83806386                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1750825310386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1750825310386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 534791275118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 534791275118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2285616585504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2285616585504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2285616585504                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2285616585504                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    777834779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    777834779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    267763721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    267763721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1045598500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1045598500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1045598500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1045598500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.082879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.072228                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.080152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.080152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.080152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27158.777654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27158.777654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27651.928062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27651.928062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27272.582611                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27272.582611                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27272.582611                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27272.582611                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     32413219                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         32413219                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     21205721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     21205721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        44861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        44861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     21250582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     21250582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     21250582                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     21250582                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     43260557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43260557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19295247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19295247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     62555804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     62555804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     62555804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     62555804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 870519579154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 870519579154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 462710367241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 462710367241                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1333229946395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1333229946395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1333229946395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1333229946395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     98422234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     98422234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    232414373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    232414373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    330836607                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    330836607                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.055617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.072061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059828                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059828                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20122.708525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20122.708525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23980.536100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23980.536100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21312.649845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21312.649845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21312.649845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21312.649845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6379279976                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       597511455                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    597511455                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     63116955                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    431616410                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       347646940                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1961909553                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3283125436                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          597511455                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    347646940                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            973184506                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      338166007                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          85772276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2276425069                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       129958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1985409                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2573                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        505487891                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30307100                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1224272                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5572942005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.035502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.483274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4616143468     82.83%     82.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59776309      1.07%     83.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        58286737      1.05%     84.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        86055939      1.54%     86.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        65587482      1.18%     87.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        79005399      1.42%     89.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        59711933      1.07%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        66368866      1.19%     91.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       482005872      8.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5572942005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.093664                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.514655                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2030295298                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2334513461                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        891614911                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     42985674                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     273532661                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5635200564                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2058                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     273532661                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2119436305                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1890878553                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     51481932                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        837433279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    400179275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5474369908                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3271978                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      68336939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    311869621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2146677                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6133293780                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13791351073                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13745772539                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     45578534                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3957112861                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2176180807                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2737092                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2729846                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        834329292                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1064215233                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    416790392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     68580540                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     42557116                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5239129245                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4839750                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4577883649                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     10342255                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1688761814                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2506980723                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1953074                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5572942005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.821448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.455404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3671814486     65.89%     65.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    718191805     12.89%     78.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    474294773      8.51%     87.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    286181409      5.14%     92.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    195071063      3.50%     95.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    126997365      2.28%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     70315057      1.26%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25211724      0.45%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4864323      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5572942005                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6174421     31.09%     31.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        22665      0.11%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8816459     44.40%     75.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4844994     24.40%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31750952      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3290164605     71.87%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.56% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7149293      0.16%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    902956215     19.72%     92.44% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    345862584      7.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4577883649                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.717618                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           19858539                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004338                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14755599346                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6909698211                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4432455468                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27616206                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23820056                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12826774                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4552225997                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13765239                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    102212250                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    363035685                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       835021                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       824534                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    149029766                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       222377                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        17646                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     273532661                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1336365535                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     31012530                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5243968995                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30240459                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1064215233                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    416790414                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4411990                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       9855826                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3307300                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       824534                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     43024920                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24702499                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     67727419                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4507743051                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    880359047                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     70140594                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1220004822                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       433873255                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         339645775                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.706623                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4458633795                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4445282242                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3094056434                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4791917629                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.696831                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.645682                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1758952137                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2886676                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     63330326                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5299993711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.658018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.703416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4203959658     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    390649652      7.37%     86.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    166281417      3.14%     89.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    205282962      3.87%     93.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     75888514      1.43%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     43690050      0.82%     95.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     32408280      0.61%     96.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     22691632      0.43%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    159141546      3.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5299993711                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999759719                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3487489150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             968940185                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            701179530                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             184652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         366981885                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10172683                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3465603373                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    159141546                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10386585647                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10767480054                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               19308477                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              806337971                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999759719                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3487489150                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999759719                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.190023                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.190023                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.313477                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.313477                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8747103825                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4943516210                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12154805                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9431945                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2170114490                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2603065                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       175568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74498160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        12554316                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           87310940                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74498160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74498160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9096336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10330600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        21946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9312270                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1953451                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11297801                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1224788                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1244109                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        82647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        36748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           35069506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            5909860                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              41101036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      35069506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         35069506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       580377                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               644                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4282039                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4863060                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       581511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        82647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        36748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          35069506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          10191898                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             45964096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         696                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        12                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9219                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       30                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2448                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    6598                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2621                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             8                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 15                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6373527346                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7081861                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13188162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13133637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9566                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1028415                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13133637                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9566                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          34068428                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15084506                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14464                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6091                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3185473                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1957868                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1227605                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6358119548.728855                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15407797.271145                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002417                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997583                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
