
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289974069                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4971213842967                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26313                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    47261                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               13879395                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    20.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      549738                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        987396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        49152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       125376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              247232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       125376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         125504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        48192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            48192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 3863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                 753                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    169504812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        662128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              441419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              220709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6841991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    240131817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              852600375                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         441419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         432811115                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        166194171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             166194171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        166194171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    169504812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       662128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             441419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             220709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6841991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1765675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    432369696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    240131817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1018794546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                      765                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.312005                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                      765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             4971063381000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.312005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.519500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.519500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              13                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total            768                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total              781                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total             781                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       571000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    134996904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134996904                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    135567904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    135567904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    135567904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    135567904                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total          768                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total            781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total           781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43923.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43923.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175777.218750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175777.218750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173582.463508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173582.463508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173582.463508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173582.463508                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       824100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  84                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9810.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            753                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                 753                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       405900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    125746500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125746500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126152400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    126152400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126152400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126152400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31223.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31223.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163732.421875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163732.421875                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161526.760563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161526.760563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161526.760563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161526.760563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           12                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        49152                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           12                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1736                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1353.591503                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             271                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.156106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           59.718557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.760478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.411805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.800047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.753621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    16.726991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.252930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    900.694470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    363.472604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.029159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.439792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.177477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.660933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1133                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          204                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3822                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             441                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  441                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   45                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2403                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           82                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1133                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          249                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3867                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          949                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3460                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                288                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1237                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3748                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3275724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       937079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214816658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88858027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      307887488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28995142                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     28995142                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3275724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       937079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214816658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117853169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       336882630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3275724                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       937079                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    214816658                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    117853169                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      336882630                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7282                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          441                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              441                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              333                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.684313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.823070                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.475144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.864865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.864865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.684313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.492186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013142                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.684313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.492186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102366.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66934.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87466.065961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93633.326660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88984.823121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100677.576389                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100677.576389                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102366.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66934.214286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87466.065961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95273.378335                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89883.305763                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102366.375000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 66934.214286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 87466.065961                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95273.378335                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89883.305763                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 111                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      111                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           288                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3100791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       859838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201178072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83658189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    288796890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27393808                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27393808                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3100791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       859838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201178072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111051997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    316190698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3100791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       859838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201178072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111051997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    316190698                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3183493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3183493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7075854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7075854                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10259347                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10259347                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.684313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.823070                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.473908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.864865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.864865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.684313                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.491005                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013142                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.145833                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.684313                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491005                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96899.718750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81912.895765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88154.045311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83684.986960                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95117.388889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95117.388889                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96899.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81912.895765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89775.260307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84565.578497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96899.718750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        61417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81912.895765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89775.260307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84565.578497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1675.865526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           10.801094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              1.999986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    22.607217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.968740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1143.149665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    483.338888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.014750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.051143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          497                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          139                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    643                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             111                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  111                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          497                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          147                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    651                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2817                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                279                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2971291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186532184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78399344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268643657                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     26212178                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     26212178                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2971291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186532184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104611522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294855835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2971291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       740838                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    186532184                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104611522                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294855835                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              287                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.797638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.853530                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.814162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.972125                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.972125                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.797638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.881068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.826261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.797638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.881068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.826261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95848.096774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95218.062277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96789.313580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95365.160454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93950.458781                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93950.458781                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95848.096774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95218.062277                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96062.003673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95237.672804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95848.096774                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92604.750000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95218.062277                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96062.003673                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95237.672804                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           279                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2540957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       629125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159009349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67098808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229278239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22227566                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22227566                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2540957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       629125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159009349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89326374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251505805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2540957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       629125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159009349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     89326374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251505805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6326426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6326426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9160426                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9160426                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.797638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.853530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.811561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.972125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.797638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.881068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.823859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.571429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.797638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.881068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.823859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81966.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78640.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.631445                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82838.034568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81651.794516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79668.695341                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79668.695341                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81966.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78640.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.631445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82026.055096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81472.563978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81966.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78640.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81168.631445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82026.055096                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81472.563978                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         18                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 64                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                41                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            1                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3079                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               438.209079                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   27343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  8.880481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          4971066758300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.788465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   437.420613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.854337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.855877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31074                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          31093                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           31093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31074                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          31093                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4261                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4261                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4263                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294774315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294774315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294774315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    294774315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294774315                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    294774315                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        35356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        35335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        35356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.095238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.120589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69179.609247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69147.153413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69179.609247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69147.153413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69179.609247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69147.153413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          672                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230848410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230848410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230848410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230848410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230848410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230848410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.101571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.101510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64321.095013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64321.095013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64321.095013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64321.095013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64321.095013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64321.095013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           88                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse       9.597861                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           88                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.875000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.329541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.268320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.020596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.579270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.599866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          665                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          665                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          665                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          665                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           99                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2147568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2147568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2147568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      2147568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2147568                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      2147568                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          761                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          761                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          761                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.129581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.129581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.129581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22370.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21692.606061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22370.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21692.606061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22370.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21692.606061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           96                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1844120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1844120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1844120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1844120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1844120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1844120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.126150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.125654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19209.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19209.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19209.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19209.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19209.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19209.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2423                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.674916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.108543                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.734940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    12.939976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.808748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.854682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          352                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          352                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          352                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2436                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2436                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2439                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29478902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29478902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29478902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     29478902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29478902                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     29478902                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2791                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.873880                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.873880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.873880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12101.355501                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12086.470685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12101.355501                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12086.470685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12101.355501                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12086.470685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21945824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21945824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21945824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21945824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     21945824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21945824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.873745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.872805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9008.958949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9008.958949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9008.958949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9008.958949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9008.958949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9008.958949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   976                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               404.855073                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   23507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   976                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.085041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.409754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   404.445319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.789932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.790733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        34567                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          34567                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        20731                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         20731                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        55298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           55298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        55298                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          55298                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2337                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2338                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          357                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          357                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2694                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2695                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    204730438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    204730438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32364408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32364408                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    237094846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    237094846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    237094846                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    237094846                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        36904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        36905                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        21088                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        57992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.046471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.046471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87603.952931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87566.483319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90656.605042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90656.605042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88008.480327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87975.824119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88008.480327                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87975.824119                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          441                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              441                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1194                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94349610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94349610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30091054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30091054                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124440664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124440664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124440664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124440664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3324624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3324624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7344881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7344881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10669505                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10669505                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031270                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025865                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025866                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025865                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81758.760832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81758.760832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86968.364162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86968.364162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82960.442667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82960.442667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82960.442667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82960.442667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  828237                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           49133                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        49133                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         7365                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        35554                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           21708                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       195699                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                228577                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              49133                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        21708                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                70014                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          28208                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              3136                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        162782                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           21                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1447                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            35335                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4353                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             33                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.961045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.437723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          385208     84.95%     84.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            3058      0.67%     85.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2723      0.60%     86.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3868      0.85%     87.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            6236      1.38%     88.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4054      0.89%     89.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6404      1.41%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3335      0.74%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           38590      8.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.059322                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.275980                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          193777                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       173460                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            64109                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         1740                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20377                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        419330                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20377                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          199079                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         104400                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        56719                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            60473                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12415                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        398731                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7607                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          144                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       437236                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       997178                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       997088                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       284853                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152372                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1337                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1338                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36218                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        49358                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30464                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2191                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1099                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            369053                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2115                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           335270                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1613                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109016                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       154929                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          963                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.739334                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.508835                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       331124     73.02%     73.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        39706      8.76%     81.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        25959      5.72%     87.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        19832      4.37%     91.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        14929      3.29%     95.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10788      2.38%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7987      1.76%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2636      0.58%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          515      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            861     50.56%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     50.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           420     24.66%     75.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          422     24.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         4123      1.23%      1.23% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       259660     77.45%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        44735     13.34%     92.02% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        26742      7.98%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        335270                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.404800                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1703                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005079                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1128217                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       480280                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       319644                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        332836                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5505                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16178                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          125                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9330                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20377                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          90745                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          907                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       371168                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5814                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        49358                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30464                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1745                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           489                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          153                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1820                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6793                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8613                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       325149                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        42514                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               68143                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           33836                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             25629                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.392580                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                320562                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               319653                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           208392                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           339554                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.385944                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.613723                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       117815                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1152                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         7566                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.584724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.550593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       348182     80.37%     80.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        30353      7.01%     87.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        16374      3.78%     91.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        13222      3.05%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8146      1.88%     96.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3434      0.79%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2323      0.54%     97.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2833      0.65%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         8380      1.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433247                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       133929                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        253330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 54310                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                33177                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             27953                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           251281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         8380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              795810                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             762908                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2381                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 374761                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles                1771                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             133929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               253330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       133929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.184150                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.184150                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.161704                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.161704                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          644671                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         348586                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         139842                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          1005                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4418744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          711008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5147560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4418744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646423                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85493                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15238410853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2451970973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17751794213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15238410853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2229244160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38375845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23036543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15238410853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4681215133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19981038373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870802                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415791                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      734039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732225                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60572                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732225                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1938041                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838747                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192561                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107085                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85476                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870802                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 20.003778                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                20003778286911                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               24975281065320                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  36209                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    68347                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1567500368                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4593988                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12761.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   462082867                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     872217227                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1060864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          2577856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        26688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       540352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      7794176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            12006848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       540352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         540352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9006080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          9006080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        16576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             40279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       121784                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               187607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         140720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              140720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              128868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        27012                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data       389635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 600229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        27012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             27012                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           450219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                450219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           450219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        53033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             128868                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        27012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data       389635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total               1050448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    92539                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.850736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      40782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    92551                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.440644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.011349                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.839387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.000709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.927462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.928171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          10899                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             10899                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          4524                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             4524                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           15423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              15423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          15423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             15423                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        68789                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           69049                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        74936                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          91576                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        143725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           160625                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       143725                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          160625                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   2788496155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2799879155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2928613920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   5047088000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7975701920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2939996920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   7835584155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10775581075                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2939996920                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   7835584155                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10775581075                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        79688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         79948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet        79460                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        96100                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       159148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         176048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       159148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        176048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.863674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952924                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.912393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.912393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43780.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 40536.948567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40549.162986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175998.432692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67351.980357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87093.800996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173964.314793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54517.892886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67085.329650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173964.314793                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 54517.892886                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67085.329650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     21545000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                1887                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11417.594065                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          57420                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               57420                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::ethernet            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_hits::ethernet            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_hits::ethernet            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        68788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16640                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        74936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        91576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       143724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       160624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        16900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       143724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       160624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      8082400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1931780892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1939863292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2728062392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4121492402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6849554794                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2736144792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6053273294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8789418086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2736144792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   6053273294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8789418086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943066                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952924                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.903084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 31086.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 28083.108856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28094.416811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163946.057212                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55000.165501                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74796.396370                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161902.058698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42117.345008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54720.453270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161902.058698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 42117.345008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54720.453270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          260                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1064960                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          260                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       4730047                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2007.185008                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        14151989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       4732021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.990686                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          409.939007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.023766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.776879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     3.333247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1304.146862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    273.965247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.200166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.636790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.133772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.980071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2536279                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       139859                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8887834                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1159647                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               12723619                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         2034037                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              2034037                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       313097                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total              313097                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       355612                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               355612                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2536279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       139859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8887834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1515259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                13079231                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2536279                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       139859                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      8887834                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1515259                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               13079231                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        49043                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15628                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2892234                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1166908                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              4123813                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        33199                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             33199                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       473722                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             473722                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        49043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2892234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1640630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               4597535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        49043                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15628                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2892234                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1640630                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              4597535                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1150913997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    366467180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64185808961                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30908267605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    96611457743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1073623736                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1073623736                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  21156963538                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  21156963538                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1150913997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    366467180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64185808961                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52065231143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    117768421281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   1150913997                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    366467180                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  64185808961                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52065231143                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   117768421281                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2585322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       155487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11780068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2326555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           16847432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2034037                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          2034037                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       346296                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          346296                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       829334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           829334                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2585322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       155487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11780068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3155889                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            17676766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2585322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       155487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     11780068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3155889                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           17676766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.501560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.244774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095869                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.095869                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.571208                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.571208                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.519863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.260089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.519863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.260089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23467.446873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23449.397236                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22192.467470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26487.321713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23427.700951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32339.038405                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32339.038405                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44661.137836                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44661.137836                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23467.446873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23449.397236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22192.467470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31734.901314                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25615.557311                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 23467.446873                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 23449.397236                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22192.467470                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31734.901314                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25615.557311                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             1081779                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  1081779                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        49043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2892222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1166883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4123775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        33199                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        33199                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       473722                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        473722                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        49043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2892222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1640605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          4597497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        49043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2892222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1640605                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         4597497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    887412269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    280630228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  47734728269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24452709494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  73355480260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1692718185                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1692718185                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18498886909                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18498886909                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    887412269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    280630228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  47734728269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  42951596403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  91854367169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    887412269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    280630228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  47734728269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  42951596403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  91854367169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4621007292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4621007292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   8843622550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   8843622550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13464629842                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13464629842                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.501550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.095869                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.095869                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.571208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.571208                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.519855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.260087                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.100504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.245518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.519855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260087                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18094.575556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17958.035963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16504.517381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20955.579517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17788.429354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50987.023254                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50987.023254                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39050.090367                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39050.090367                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18094.575556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17958.035963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16504.517381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26180.339815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19979.211986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 18094.575556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17958.035963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16504.517381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26180.339815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19979.211986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        105881                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32315.170431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         5016172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        138354                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                         36.256068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        22170.543588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.270265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.228022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.270040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.041328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   110.698505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.659695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4598.388391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   5389.070595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.676591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.003378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.140332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.164461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        48626                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15519                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2883778                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1082565                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                4030488                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1081779                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              1081779                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2940                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2940                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       331785                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total               331785                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        48626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2883778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      1414350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                 4362273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        48626                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15519                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2883778                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      1414350                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                4362273                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          417                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8444                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        84318                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                93287                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        44790                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             44790                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       127406                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             127406                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8444                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       211724                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                220693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          417                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8444                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       211724                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               220693                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38886659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10094051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    790113763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4384498918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5223593391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    829207702                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    829207702                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11257501493                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  11257501493                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38886659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10094051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    790113763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15642000411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     16481094884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     38886659                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10094051                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    790113763                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15642000411                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    16481094884                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        49043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2892222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1166883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            4123775                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1081779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          1081779                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47730                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           47730                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       459191                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           459191                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        49043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2892222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1626074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             4582966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        49043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2892222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1626074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            4582966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002920                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.022622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.938404                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.938404                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.277458                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.277458                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.130206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.048155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.130206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.048155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93253.378897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93463.435185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93571.028304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51999.560213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55994.869500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18513.232909                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18513.232909                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88359.272664                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88359.272664                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93253.378897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93463.435185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93571.028304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73879.203165                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74678.829342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93253.378897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93463.435185                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93571.028304                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73879.203165                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74678.829342                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               83300                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    83300                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        84318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           93287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        44790                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        44790                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       127406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        127406                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       211724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           220693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8444                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       211724                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          220693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33041879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8583009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    671083238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3198299846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3911007972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2241859213                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2241859213                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9421946780                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9421946780                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33041879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8583009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    671083238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12620246626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13332954752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     33041879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8583009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    671083238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12620246626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13332954752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4115735298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4115735298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   7875840548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   7875840548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11991575846                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11991575846                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.938404                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938404                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.277458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.277458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002920                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.130206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.048155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.008503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.130206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79237.119904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79472.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79474.566319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37931.400721                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41924.469347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50052.672762                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50052.672762                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73952.143384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73952.143384                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79237.119904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79472.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79474.566319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59607.066870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60414.035570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79237.119904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79472.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79474.566319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59607.066870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60414.035570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1275675                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1603289                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      18412                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      15532                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 10657                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 15527                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 1151368                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     33944                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2878964                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                          1697                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   510174                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                   641194                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                            920                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                            776                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               10310                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              11780077                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                33771769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              11780589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  2.866730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33764320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       33764320                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33764320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        33764320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     33764320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       33764320                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12361230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     12361230                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12361230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      12361230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     12361230                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     12361230                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 193503200263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 193503200263                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 193503200263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 193503200263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 193503200263                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 193503200263                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46125550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     46125550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46125550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     46125550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     46125550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     46125550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.267991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.267991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.267991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.267991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15654.040922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15654.040922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15654.040922                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15654.040922                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 15654.040922                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15654.040922                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       110909                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 36969.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       580619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       580619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       580619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       580619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       580619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       580619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11780611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     11780611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11780611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11780611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     11780611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11780611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 142944237412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 142944237412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 142944237412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 142944237412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 142944237412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 142944237412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.255403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.255403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.255403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12133.855995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12133.855995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12133.855995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12133.855995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 12133.855995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12133.855995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements       155653                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        298007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       155669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.914363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 4972606480300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       297523                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       297523                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       297523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       297523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       297523                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       297523                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       155862                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       155862                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       155862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       155862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       155862                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       155862                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2662438449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2662438449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2662438449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2662438449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2662438449                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2662438449                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       453385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       453385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       453385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       453385                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       453385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       453385                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.343774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.343774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.343774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.343774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.343774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.343774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17082.024156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17082.024156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17082.024156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17082.024156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17082.024156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17082.024156                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2045                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2045                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       155862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       155862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       155862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       155862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       155862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       155862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2182688906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2182688906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2182688906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2182688906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2182688906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2182688906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.343774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.343774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.343774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14003.983691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14003.983691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14003.983691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14003.983691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14003.983691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14003.983691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      2586692                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        350779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2586708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.135608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       350508                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       350508                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       350508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       350508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       350508                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       350508                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2588036                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2588036                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2588036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2588036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2588036                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2588036                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  38769830052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38769830052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  38769830052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  38769830052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  38769830052                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  38769830052                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2938544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2938544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2938544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2938544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2938544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2938544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.880721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.880721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.880721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14980.406011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14980.406011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14980.406011                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14980.406011                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14980.406011                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14980.406011                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2476                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2476                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2588036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2588036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2588036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2588036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2588036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2588036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  30843964375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30843964375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  30843964375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30843964375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  30843964375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30843964375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11917.903914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11917.903914                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11917.903914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11917.903914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11917.903914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11917.903914                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               3123719                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.983991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                96919662                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               3124231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 31.021926                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.983991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     60079796                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       60079796                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     36419557                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      36419557                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     96499353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        96499353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     96499353                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       96499353                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3815094                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      3815094                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1178087                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1178087                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4993181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       4993181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4993181                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      4993181                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  99702929485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  99702929485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36430352093                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  36430352093                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 136133281578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 136133281578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 136133281578                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 136133281578                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63894890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     63894890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     37597644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     37597644                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101492534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    101492534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    101492534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    101492534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031334                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031334                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.049198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.049198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.049198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26133.806791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26133.806791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30923.312194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30923.312194                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27263.838739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27263.838739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27263.838739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27263.838739                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2029516                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          2029516                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1486200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1486200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         8941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         8941                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1495141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1495141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      1495141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1495141                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2328894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2328894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1169146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1169146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3498040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3498040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3498040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3498040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  52033641782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  52033641782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32066366781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32066366781                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84100008563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  84100008563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  84100008563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  84100008563                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4822804969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4822804969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9197764137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9197764137                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  14020569106                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14020569106                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.031096                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031096                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22342.640662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22342.640662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 27427.170585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27427.170585                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24042.037416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24042.037416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24042.037416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24042.037416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               824248739                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        57374775                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     57374775                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      7439372                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     48693145                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        29531651                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    402811573                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             283036556                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           57374775                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     29531651                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             90838304                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       26325822                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           2336558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     159506459                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       210568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       404147                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           37                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         46125552                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      5269011                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          70845                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    674467399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.801354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.246209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       586596235     86.97%     86.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         6269085      0.93%     87.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         4455882      0.66%     88.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         6954601      1.03%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         5370277      0.80%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         6138954      0.91%     91.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         6124304      0.91%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         4943905      0.73%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        47614156      7.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    674467399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.069609                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.343387                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       397650843                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    172558447                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         84272486                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1625870                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      18359753                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     529387011                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      18359753                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       402817670                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       51965562                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    108370903                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         80711233                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     12242278                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     513127707                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        57857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        951206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      7913386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents        44142                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    564673823                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   1292063914                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1281481656                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     10582258                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    430840523                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       133833291                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2922445                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2948155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         38645675                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     76957694                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     46905213                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6714622                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4134567                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         490689074                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4071720                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        462641372                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      1183581                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     96910882                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    137274344                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1190190                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    674467399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.685936                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.434458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    496097224     73.55%     73.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     62587818      9.28%     82.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     42168293      6.25%     89.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     25856314      3.83%     92.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     20198476      2.99%     95.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     14048832      2.08%     98.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      8372114      1.24%     99.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      4229346      0.63%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       908982      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    674467399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         804248     30.13%     30.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       107024      4.01%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     34.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       1036228     38.82%     72.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       721999     27.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3177203      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    340329128     73.56%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2896714      0.63%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     72662776     15.71%     90.58% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     43575551      9.42%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     462641372                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.561289                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            2669499                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005770                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   1597321614                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    586356971                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    446354184                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      7190886                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      5422202                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3260303                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     458498149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        3635519                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      6633645                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16320637                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        87656                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       113697                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      9234727                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        93240                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      18359753                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       41561115                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       500729                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    494760794                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      4269398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     76957694                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     46905473                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3539487                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        200241                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        17069                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       113697                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3106217                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      5144838                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8251055                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    454886205                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     70652522                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7755167                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           113264122                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        45688850                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          42611600                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.551880                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             450279726                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            449614487                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        289415864                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        450076315                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.545484                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.643037                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    106447617                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2881530                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7475265                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    656472064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.591222                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.551499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    525213533     80.01%     80.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     47849509      7.29%     87.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     22417859      3.41%     90.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     23751814      3.62%     94.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     11971003      1.82%     96.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4950046      0.75%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      3876187      0.59%     97.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      3248001      0.49%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     13194112      2.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    656472064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    206016543                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     388120936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              98307799                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             60637054                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             425623                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          40613740                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           2570438                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        384358836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     13194112                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          1137257130                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         1007521918                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                6107315                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              149781340                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles         59246105181                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          206016543                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            388120936                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    206016543                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.000886                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.000886                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.249945                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.249945                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       902082507                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      486956959                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          5836770                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         3079613                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      210373115                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2646703                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2518169                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      1210744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        72144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2729930336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       452287226                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3186024403                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2729930336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2729930336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      2961408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2190555                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    304596203                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       309748166                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          723                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet            81957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       151343                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        341241292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         71681976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           413166309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        46272                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           77589                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        45326073                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           45449934                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             125885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        60526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker         3607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst          136470736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           22610090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total             159271132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst     136470736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total        136470736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       148042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet            109507                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data          15226934                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total             15484483                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       148332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            235392                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        60526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker         3607                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst         136470736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          37837023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total            174755615                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          723                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2961408                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          723                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1603289                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1275675                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     15532                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     18412                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                11618                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                18407                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                1151368                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    33944                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2878964                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                         1697                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                  641194                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  510174                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                           776                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                           920                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               9415                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    60073261988                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 254986779                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   482175378                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           477825235                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              2041238                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     33036623                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  477825235                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     2041238                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1220945619                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        536412566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            3407564                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           1667285                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   117081728                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  71700345                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 45381383                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             59506658709.768997                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             566603278.231002                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.009432                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.990568                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
