
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  61806                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   110210                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33639775                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536542                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        956746                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        78400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              302912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    268463722                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    278544808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1037256159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         467236453                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        263204024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    268463722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14683322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5698006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    467017299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    278544808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1300460183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1221                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.722474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613647000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.722474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1226                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1226                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1246                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1246                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       865000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    215158840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    215158840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    216023840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    216023840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    216023840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    216023840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        43250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        43250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175496.606852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175496.606852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173373.868379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173373.868379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173373.868379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173373.868379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       906100                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8312.844037                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1202                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1202                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       612400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       612400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    200506376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200506376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    201118776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    201118776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    201118776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    201118776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163545.168026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163545.168026                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161411.537721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161411.537721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161411.537721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161411.537721                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1623                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1429.359007                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1012                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.623537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           66.110229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.629209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.214871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.959022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    25.093121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.177786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    933.308026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    388.866745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.016140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.227858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.094938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.348965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2510                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          252                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4045                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             539                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  539                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   8                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2510                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           71                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1212                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4111                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3747                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                316                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1355                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4063                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7845987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3273166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233030784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105365344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      349515281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32716013                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32716013                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7845987                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3273166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233030784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138081357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       382231294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7845987                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3273166                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    233030784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138081357                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      382231294                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          539                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              539                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.354545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.679280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.804954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.480878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.826772                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.827225                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.354545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.679280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.497064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.354545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.679280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.497064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88157.157303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83927.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90779.425010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101312.830769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93278.697892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103860.358730                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103531.686709                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88157.157303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83927.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90779.425010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101905.060517                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94076.124539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88157.157303                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 83927.333333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90779.425010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101905.060517                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94076.124539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  83                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       83                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3059299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218785170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99659923                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328864129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30968100                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30968100                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3059299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218785170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130628023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359832229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7359737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3059299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218785170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130628023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359832229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3189669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3189669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7057649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7057649                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10247318                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10247318                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.354545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.679280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.804954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.826772                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.824607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.354545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.679280                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.495473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034244                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.354545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.679280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.809922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82693.674157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78443.564103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85229.906506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95826.849038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88049.298260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98311.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98311.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82693.674157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78443.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85229.906506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96404.445018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88847.463951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82693.674157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78443.564103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85229.906506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96404.445018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88847.463951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1802.126238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            7.874375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.385078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.182333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1203.116957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    538.567632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          436                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    551                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              83                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   83                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           13                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          436                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           82                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    553                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          960                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3196                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3508                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6787437                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2771399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204665967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94955915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      309180718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29699694                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29699694                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6787437                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2771399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204665967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124655609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       338880412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6787437                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2771399                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204665967                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124655609                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      338880412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           83                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               83                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.752809                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.852949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993610                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.993631                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.752809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.863827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.752809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.863827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101305.029851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106592.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96042.218207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98912.411458                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96739.899249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95497.408360                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95191.326923                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101305.029851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106592.269231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96042.218207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98076.797010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96602.169897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 101305.029851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 106592.269231                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96042.218207                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98076.797010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96602.169897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           311                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           67                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5856005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2410815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174736828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81564621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    264568269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25280249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25280249                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5856005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2410815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174736828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106844870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289848518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5856005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2410815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174736828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106844870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289848518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2841289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2841289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9157789                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9157789                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.752809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.849746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.752809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.860625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.752809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.939394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87403.059701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92723.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81997.572970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84963.146875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83093.049309                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81286.974277                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81286.974277                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87403.059701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92723.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81997.572970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84063.627065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82932.337053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87403.059701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92723.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81997.572970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84063.627065                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82932.337053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3268                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.697976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.725214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616869300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.399680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25913                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25922                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25913                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25922                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4509                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4510                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4509                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4509                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4510                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319923743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319923743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319923743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    319923743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319923743                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    319923743                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148199                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148199                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70952.260590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70936.528381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70952.260590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70936.528381                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 70952.260590                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70936.528381                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    250172077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    250172077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    250172077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    250172077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    250172077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    250172077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66200.602540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66200.602540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66200.602540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66200.602540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66200.602540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66200.602540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           97                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.006772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           97                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.402062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598748973300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.872263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.679516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.687923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          442                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          442                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          442                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          442                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4462965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4462965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4462965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4462965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4462965                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4462965                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.199275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.203604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.199275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.203604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.199275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.203604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40572.409091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39495.265487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40572.409091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39495.265487                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 40572.409091                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39495.265487                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4102368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4102368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4102368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4102368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4102368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4102368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.199275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.199275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.199275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37294.254545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37294.254545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37294.254545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37294.254545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37294.254545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37294.254545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2590                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           675                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.260618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618933300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.817360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.099683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          796                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          796                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          796                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          796                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2607                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2607                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35811497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35811497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35811497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35811497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35811497                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35811497                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765607                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.766089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765607                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.766089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765607                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.766089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13773.652692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13736.669352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13773.652692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13736.669352                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13773.652692                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13736.669352                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27771597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27771597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27771597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27771597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27771597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27771597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765607                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.765607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10681.383462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10681.383462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10681.383462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10681.383462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10681.383462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10681.383462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1162                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               425.134835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   26111                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.470740                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598701669300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.633102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.830341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31798                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31798                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17404                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17405                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49202                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49203                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2413                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2414                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          399                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          400                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2812                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2814                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    215462182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215462182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36604827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36604827                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252067009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    252067009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252067009                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    252067009                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17803                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070560                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022412                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89292.242851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89255.253521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91741.421053                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91512.067500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89639.761380                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 89576.051528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89639.761380                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 89576.051528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          539                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              539                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1131                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          389                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1681                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111590595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111590595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34191887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34191887                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145782482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145782482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145782482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145782482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3329747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3329747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7326954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7326954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10656701                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10656701                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021850                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021848                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86370.429567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86370.429567                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87896.881748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87896.881748                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86723.665675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86723.665675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86723.665675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86723.665675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44293                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44293                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6868                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32306                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17891                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       197410                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212843                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44293                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17891                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62782                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4843                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        161061                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          476                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30422                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4103                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             61                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       447346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.883909                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.359257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          385891     86.26%     86.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2747      0.61%     86.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2469      0.55%     87.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3303      0.74%     88.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5033      1.13%     89.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3705      0.83%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5814      1.30%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2794      0.62%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35590      7.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       447346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050508                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242710                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          195594                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       172111                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56902                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2259                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20477                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        379984                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20477                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          200700                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107566                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        51038                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54057                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13505                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        361466                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          191                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8867                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       398726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       903205                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       903047                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          158                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244415                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          154178                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1066                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1058                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36378                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47579                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27521                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3078                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1417                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            335762                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1791                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           297854                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1764                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111857                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       167359                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          900                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       447346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.665825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.437619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       336954     75.32%     75.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36758      8.22%     83.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23394      5.23%     88.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18178      4.06%     92.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12943      2.89%     95.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9906      2.21%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6521      1.46%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2190      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          502      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       447346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            723     47.85%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           400     26.47%     74.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          388     25.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3263      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       229635     77.10%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41601     13.97%     92.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23345      7.84%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        297854                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.339650                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1511                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005073                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1047352                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       449487                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       283862                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           60                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           78                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           18                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296072                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             30                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5138                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18026                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9665                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20477                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92372                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1007                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       337553                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47579                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27521                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1394                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           543                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1448                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6559                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8007                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289071                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39426                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8783                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61692                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29641                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22266                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.329635                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                284658                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               283880                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           186858                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297261                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.323715                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628599                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120565                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6930                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       426958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.508034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.437154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       352257     82.50%     82.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27635      6.47%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13922      3.26%     92.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11786      2.76%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6918      1.62%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3428      0.80%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2013      0.47%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2810      0.66%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6189      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       426958                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117865                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        216909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47372                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29521                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24045                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           214943                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6189                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              758100                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             695674                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2542                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 429597                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               216909                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.440232                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.440232                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          560392                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         310151                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               27                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         126514                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.085713                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2085713111754                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9684776265264                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  21016                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36683                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               21862704                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4997804                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 95400.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2004980164                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3499555451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1474496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4137728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       820672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     60146624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    310154944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           376735744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     60146624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       60146624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    171969664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        171969664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       939791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4846171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5886496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2687026                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2687026                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       706951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1983843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       393473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     28837439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    148704509                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              180626828                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     28837439                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          28837439                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         82451255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              82451255                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         82451255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       706951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1983843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       393473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     28837439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    148704509                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             263078083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23426                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999329                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         11                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23442                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.000469                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.988535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.010793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet              4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                 4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                2                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet               6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                  6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet              6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                 6                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          360                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             374                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23064                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet            38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23400                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23438                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet       677593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15890593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4124882120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      1910000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4126792120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4140095120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      2587593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4142682713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4140095120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      2587593                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4142682713                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           26                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23066                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23444                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23444                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.989418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999913                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42258.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48399.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42488.216578                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179031.342014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 79583.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178927.858134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176927.141880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68094.552632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176750.691740                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176927.141880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 68094.552632                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176750.691740                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28006200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2617                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10701.643103                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23056                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23056                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10734900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet       503800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11238700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3847267540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1616500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3848884040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3858002440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2120300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3860122740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3858002440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      2120300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3860122740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.989418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999913                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.863636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29819.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166982.098090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 67354.166667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166878.426986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164871.899145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55797.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164695.056745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164871.899145                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55797.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164695.056745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          360                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1474560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          360                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      28741368                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2842.507298                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        76272452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      28744073                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.653502                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          675.763068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   105.257838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    31.529455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    579.543342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1450.413506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.164981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.025698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.141490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.354105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.693972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29284830                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1974195                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7945307                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     15632763                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               54837095                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        27150946                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             27150946                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1511369                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1511369                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12607536                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             12607536                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29284830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1974195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7945307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     28240299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                67444631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29284830                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1974195                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7945307                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     28240299                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               67444631                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1263414                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       428165                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6991365                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     14340506                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23023450                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        18282                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             18282                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5032616                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5032616                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1263414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       428165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6991365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     19373122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              28056066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1263414                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       428165                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6991365                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     19373122                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             28056066                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  32653832139                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10444989055                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228107165964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 540040192788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   811246179946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99659293                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     99659293                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 276363662857                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 276363662857                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  32653832139                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10444989055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228107165964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 816403855645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1087609842803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  32653832139                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10444989055                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 228107165964                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 816403855645                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1087609842803                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30548244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2402360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14936672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     29973269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           77860545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     27150946                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         27150946                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1529651                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1529651                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17640152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         17640152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30548244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2402360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14936672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     47613421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            95500697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30548244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2402360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     14936672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     47613421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           95500697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.478443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.295701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011952                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.011952                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.285293                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.285293                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.406884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.293779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.406884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.293779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25845.710226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24394.775507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32626.985712                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37658.377800                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35235.648000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5451.224866                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5451.224866                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54914.514212                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54914.514212                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25845.710226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24394.775507                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32626.985712                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42141.057887                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38765.586123                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 25845.710226                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24394.775507                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32626.985712                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42141.057887                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38765.586123                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             9838554                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  9838554                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               698                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1263081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       427851                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6991360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14340460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23022752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        18282                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        18282                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5032616                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5032616                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1263081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       427851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6991360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19373076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         28055368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1263081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       427851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6991360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19373076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        28055368                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  25810157537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8066751503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 188515673188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 459922273240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 682314855468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    868023830                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    868023830                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 248462935870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 248462935870                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  25810157537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8066751503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 188515673188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 708385209110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 930777791338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  25810157537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   8066751503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 188515673188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 708385209110                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 930777791338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     91846611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     91846611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    217161974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    217161974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    309008585                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    309008585                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.478442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011952                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011952                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.285293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041347                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.406883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.293771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.041347                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.178096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.468067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.406883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.293771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20434.285321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18854.113939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26964.091849                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32071.654134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29636.546294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47479.697517                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47479.697517                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49370.533311                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49370.533311                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20434.285321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18854.113939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26964.091849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36565.448311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33176.459897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 20434.285321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18854.113939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26964.091849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36565.448311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33176.459897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5836995                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32336.083227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        26998826                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5869336                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.599980                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7978490345797                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11413.111975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.106065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.746511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.007237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   507.680887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   131.743070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6349.907663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13932.779819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.348301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.193784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.425195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.986819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1198429                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       415028                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6051568                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11595950                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               19260975                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         9838554                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              9838554                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        11051                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               11051                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2930748                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2930748                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1198429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       415028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6051568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14526698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                22191723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1198429                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       415028                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      6051568                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14526698                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               22191723                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64652                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12823                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939792                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2744510                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3761777                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7265                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7265                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2101834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2101834                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4846344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5863611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64652                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12823                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939792                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4846344                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5863611                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6029438519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1214635062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87810822201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 256775981298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   351830877080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67365585                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     67365585                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 195115395580                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 195115395580                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6029438519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1214635062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87810822201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 451891376878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    546946272660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6029438519                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1214635062                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  87810822201                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 451891376878                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   546946272660                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1263081                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       427851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6991360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14340460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23022752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9838554                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          9838554                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        18316                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18316                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5032582                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5032582                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1263081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       427851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6991360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19373042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            28055334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1263081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       427851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6991360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     19373042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           28055334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.191382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.163394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.396648                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.396648                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.417645                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.417645                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.209002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.209002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93259.891713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94723.158543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93436.443597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93559.863618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93527.839922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9272.620096                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9272.620096                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92831.020709                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92831.020709                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93259.891713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94723.158543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93436.443597                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93243.768267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93278.062385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93259.891713                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94723.158543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93436.443597                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93243.768267                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93278.062385                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2663970                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2663970                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2744510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3761777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7265                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7265                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2101834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2101834                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4846344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5863611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        64652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       939792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4846344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5863611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5122538664                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1035386993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74558438929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 218111544853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 298827909439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    569505749                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569505749                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 164963605880                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 164963605880                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5122538664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1035386993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74558438929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 383075150733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 463791515319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5122538664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1035386993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  74558438929                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 383075150733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 463791515319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     82030318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     82030318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    190340740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    190340740                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    272371058                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    272371058                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.191382                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.163394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.396648                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.396648                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.417645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.417645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.209002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.029971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.250159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79232.485677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80744.521017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79335.043211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79471.943936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79437.964940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78390.330213                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78390.330213                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78485.553988                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78485.553988                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79232.485677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80744.521017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79335.043211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79044.151784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79096.569557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79232.485677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80744.521017                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79335.043211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79044.151784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79096.569557                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          232                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                          584                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                          4                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                          6                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                     6                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    3130                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        10                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                         816                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                             5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                      890                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     2240                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              3                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   5                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              14936730                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               479817144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              14937242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 32.122205                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    479809112                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      479809112                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    479809112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       479809112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    479809112                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      479809112                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16205299                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16205299                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16205299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16205299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16205299                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16205299                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 431037181763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 431037181763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 431037181763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 431037181763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 431037181763                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 431037181763                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    496014411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    496014411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    496014411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    496014411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    496014411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    496014411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26598.533095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26598.533095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26598.533095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26598.533095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26598.533095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26598.533095                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      8923095                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 39835.245536                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1268490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1268490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1268490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1268490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1268490                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1268490                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14936809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14936809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14936809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     14936809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     14936809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     14936809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 336483978350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 336483978350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 336483978350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 336483978350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 336483978350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 336483978350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22527.166167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22527.166167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22527.166167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22527.166167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22527.166167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22527.166167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2403506                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.997895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8427582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2403522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.506347                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.997895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8427351                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8427351                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8427351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8427351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8427351                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8427351                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2403712                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2403712                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2403712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2403712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2403712                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2403712                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40511081066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40511081066                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40511081066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  40511081066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40511081066                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  40511081066                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10831063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10831063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10831063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     10831063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     10831063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     10831063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.221928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.221928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.221928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16853.550286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16853.550286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16853.550286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16853.550286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16853.550286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16853.550286                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2990                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2990                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2403712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2403712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2403712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2403712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2403712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2403712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32834767297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32834767297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32834767297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32834767297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32834767297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32834767297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13660.025534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13660.025534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13660.025534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13660.025534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13660.025534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13660.025534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     30577398                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      58784476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     30577414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.922480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     58784056                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     58784056                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     58784056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     58784056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     58784056                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     58784056                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30585922                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     30585922                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30585922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     30585922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30585922                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     30585922                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 393577071362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 393577071362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 393577071362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 393577071362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 393577071362                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 393577071362                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89369978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     89369978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89369978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     89369978                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     89369978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     89369978                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.342239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.342239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.342239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12867.915878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12867.915878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12867.915878                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12867.915878                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12867.915878                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12867.915878                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       528634                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       528634                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30585922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30585922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30585922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     30585922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30585922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     30585922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 297568353815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 297568353815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 297568353815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 297568353815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 297568353815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 297568353815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.342239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9728.931952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9728.931952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9728.931952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9728.931952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9728.931952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9728.931952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              47613582                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               974018880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              47614094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.456524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    723033218                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      723033218                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    249214960                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     249214960                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    972248178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       972248178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    972248178                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      972248178                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     47266273                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     47266273                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19191768                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19191768                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     66458041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      66458041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     66458041                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     66458041                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1542404572880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1542404572880                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 538068381291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 538068381291                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2080472954171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2080472954171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2080472954171                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2080472954171                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    770299491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    770299491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    268406728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    268406728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1038706219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1038706219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1038706219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1038706219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071503                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.071503                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.063982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.063982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32632.244410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32632.244410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28036.415472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28036.415472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31305.059897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31305.059897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31305.059897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31305.059897                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     26619322                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         26619322                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17288504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     17288504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        36380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        36380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17324884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     17324884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     17324884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     17324884                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     29977769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     29977769                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19155388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19155388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49133157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     49133157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49133157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     49133157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 757029003420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 757029003420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 465478763426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 465478763426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1222507766846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1222507766846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1222507766846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1222507766846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     95738377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     95738377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    227185434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    227185434                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    322923811                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    322923811                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.071367                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071367                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.047302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25253.013439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25253.013439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24300.148001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24300.148001                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24881.522815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24881.522815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24881.522815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24881.522815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6263402738                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       587655730                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    587655730                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     61928475                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    424958289                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       341726695                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1932171651                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3222049078                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          587655730                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    341726695                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            955759801                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      322038669                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          82140619                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2180991223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        89705                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1778677                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2430                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        496014613                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29934133                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1123937                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5411446252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.047067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.494600                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4471795080     82.64%     82.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        58579870      1.08%     83.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        57510708      1.06%     84.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        84859610      1.57%     86.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        64256906      1.19%     87.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        77720603      1.44%     88.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        58220490      1.08%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        65013096      1.20%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       473489889      8.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5411446252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.093824                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.514425                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1998112004                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2236943550                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        877687327                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     40191225                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     258512146                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5533139283                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1996                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     258512146                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2084482379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1804794209                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     60676620                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        824011647                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    378969251                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5374331301                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      2939718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      55206318                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    304366457                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1799325                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6021843518                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13542580306                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13498060244                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     44520062                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3957783055                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2064060517                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3368042                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      3365892                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        794702802                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1044387819                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    407469899                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     65402292                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     40172974                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5142282826                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5723474                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4522432312                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9413861                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1591621915                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2363072162                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2229274                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5411446252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.835716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.472136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3549512320     65.59%     65.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    694868012     12.84%     78.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    463820780      8.57%     87.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    281397907      5.20%     92.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    192355162      3.55%     95.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    126632923      2.34%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     71898094      1.33%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25933240      0.48%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      5027814      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5411446252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6230747     31.46%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     31.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        24799      0.13%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     31.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8774838     44.30%     75.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4776159     24.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31009461      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3249461629     71.85%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.54% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      6893914      0.15%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    892773884     19.74%     92.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    342293424      7.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4522432312                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.722041                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           19806543                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004380                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14482323823                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6717408101                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4380387454                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     26985195                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     22961122                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12552787                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4497777789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13451605                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    100082358                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    342802891                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       844858                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       778497                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    139066278                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       219873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          721                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     258512146                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1289639651                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     26656962                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5148006300                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     29783018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1044387819                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    407469908                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      5311072                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       8488610                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      3067116                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       778497                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     42336429                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24061082                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     66397511                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4453228855                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    870689646                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     69203454                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1206912775                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       430386132                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         336223129                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.710992                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4406225328                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4392940241                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3058361099                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4733986075                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.701366                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.646044                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1660242823                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3494200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     62119491                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5153667010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.677168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.718116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4051668759     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    392879836      7.62%     86.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    168633636      3.27%     89.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    205945594      4.00%     93.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     76596137      1.49%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     45664745      0.89%     95.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33954656      0.66%     96.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23112531      0.45%     96.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    155211116      3.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5153667010                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999760804                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3489896744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             969988548                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            701584918                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             183032                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         367493045                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10061333                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3468163526                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    155211116                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10147729425                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10559824358                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               16737773                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              851956486                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999760804                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3489896744                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999760804                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.132076                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.132076                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.319277                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.319277                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8669098656                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4887811738                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         11938232                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9112500                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2145584634                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3217965                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        75360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        37560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        43628928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         7394931                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           51139995                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     43628928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      43628928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet          456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      5301023                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total         6534375                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         9420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         4695                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          5453616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1134491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total             6602548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              19                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          712132                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             731415                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        36132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        18008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           20917991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3545517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              24519189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      20917991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         20917991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       591115                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               219                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2541588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3132921                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       592269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        36132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        18008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          20917991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6087105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             27652111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                         584                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         232                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                         6                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                         4                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    2                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    4                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   3130                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       10                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                        816                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                            5                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    2240                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     890                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             3                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  5                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6253427398                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   4144762                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                     7754049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             7721351                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 4294                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       580073                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                    7721351                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        4294                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          19860756                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          8884332                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               6618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              2907                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     1850151                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1136287                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   713864                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6244377153.294529                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             9050244.705471                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001447                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998553                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
