
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  51873                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    92482                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               28194023                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    10.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      537293                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        957922                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        86016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        82752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              311104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         135552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            85056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    463949142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    283366198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1065307879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    463949142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         464168296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             291255744                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        291255744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    294543055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     15121630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    463949142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    283366198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1356563622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1350                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.728720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1350                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613533000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.728720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1344                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1366                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       927000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    245169832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    245169832                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246096832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    246096832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246096832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    246096832                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42136.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182418.029762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182418.029762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180158.734993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180158.734993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180158.734993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180158.734993                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1536800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 154                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9979.220779                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       653200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       653200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    228983792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228983792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229636992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229636992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229636992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229636992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29690.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29690.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170374.845238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170374.845238                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168109.071742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168109.071742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168109.071742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168109.071742                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           21                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        86016                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           21                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           262                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1827.147225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              73                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.278626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           86.816918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.358781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.282800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1173.906002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    515.782860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.286598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.125924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.446081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1612                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          534                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4627                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             659                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  659                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   85                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2395                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           86                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1612                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4712                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          984                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3242                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           27                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3556                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7501507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2968090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222259995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104921954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337651546                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32677944                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32677944                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7501507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2968090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222259995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137599898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       370329490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7501507                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2968090                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    222259995                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    137599898                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      370329490                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7869                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          659                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              659                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          398                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.571277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.648221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.411996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.400000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.786432                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.786967                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.571277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.430092                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.238938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.571277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.430092                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105655.028169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109929.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103472.995810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106628.002033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104149.150524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104402.376997                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104069.885350                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105655.028169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109929.259259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103472.995810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106090.900540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104142.151294                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105655.028169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 109929.259259                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103472.995810                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106090.900540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104142.151294                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  19                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       19                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7112907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2582190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210400758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99532622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319628477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       189252                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       189252                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30941044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30941044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7112907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2582190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210400758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130473666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350569521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7112907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2582190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    210400758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130473666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350569521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3185627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3185627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7056347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7056347                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10241974                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10241974                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.571277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.648221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.786432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.784461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.571277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.428278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.221239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.571277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.676931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100181.788732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103287.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97951.935754                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101151.038618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99017.495973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94626                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94626                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98853.175719                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98853.175719                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100181.788732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103287.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97951.935754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100596.504241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99002.971195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100181.788732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103287.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97951.935754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100596.504241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99002.971195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1793.914738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.711636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.339896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.283998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1203.129734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    537.449610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     37                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              19                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   19                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      37                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           31                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     37                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3203                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3517                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6840807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2496990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202704174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     96030317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      308072288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29889721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29889721                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6840807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2496990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202704174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125920038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       337962009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6840807                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2496990                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    202704174                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    125920038                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      337962009                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           19                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               19                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           71                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995935                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988580                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99142.130435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99879.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95750.672650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97990.119388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96182.418982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95494.316294                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95190.194268                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99142.130435                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99879.600000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95750.672650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97385.953596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96093.832528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99142.130435                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 99879.600000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95750.672650                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97385.953596                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96093.832528                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           313                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5882296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2149616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172978212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     82378180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263388304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25444629                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25444629                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5882296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2149616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172978212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107822809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    288832933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5882296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2149616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172978212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107822809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    288832933                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2836952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2836952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9153452                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9153452                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.995935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.984877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.985931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.996916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85250.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85984.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81709.122343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84059.367347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82540.991539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81292.744409                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81292.744409                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85250.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85984.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81709.122343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83389.643465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82429.490011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 85250.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85984.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81709.122343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83389.643465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82429.490011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3249                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.754498                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.859034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616735300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.298224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.456274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.870032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26535                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          26544                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           26544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        26535                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          26544                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4457                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4456                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4457                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311680227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    311680227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311680227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    311680227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    311680227                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    311680227                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        31001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        31001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.143784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.143770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.143784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.143770                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.143784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.143770                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69946.190978                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69930.497420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69946.190978                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69930.497420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69946.190978                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69930.497420                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          696                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243214392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    243214392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243214392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243214392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    243214392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243214392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.121326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64684.678723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64684.678723                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64684.678723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64684.678723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64684.678723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64684.678723                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          100                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.043450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.240000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598745551300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.908948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.681809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.690216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          373                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          373                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          116                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4290346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4290346                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4290346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4290346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4290346                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4290346                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.232510                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.237219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.232510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.237219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.232510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.237219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37967.663717                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36985.741379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37967.663717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36985.741379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37967.663717                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36985.741379                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3927153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3927153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3927153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3927153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3927153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3927153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.232510                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.232510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.232510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34753.566372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34753.566372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34753.566372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34753.566372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34753.566372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34753.566372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2457                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.918846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2457                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.285714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618796300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.815583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.103263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.050974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          785                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          785                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          785                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          785                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2474                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2474                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35571207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     35571207                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35571207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     35571207                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     35571207                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     35571207                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.759129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.759129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.759129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14418.811107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14378.014147                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14418.811107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14378.014147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14418.811107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14378.014147                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27950962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27950962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27950962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27950962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27950962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27950962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11329.940008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11329.940008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11329.940008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11329.940008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11329.940008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11329.940008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1420                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               372.517327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   33265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.426056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.864889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   371.652438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.725884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.727573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        32388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          32388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17421                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17422                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49809                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49810                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2776                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2777                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          412                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          413                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3188                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3190                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    221397656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221397656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36893497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36893497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258291153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    258291153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258291153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    258291153                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        35164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        35165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17833                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        53000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        53000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023103                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023157                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79754.198847                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79725.479294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89547.322816                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89330.501211                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81019.809598                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80969.013480                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81019.809598                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80969.013480                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          659                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              659                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    114079403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114079403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34509229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34509229                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    148588632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    148588632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    148588632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    148588632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3327183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3327183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7322975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7322975                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10650158                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10650158                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022540                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75101.647795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75101.647795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85843.853234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85843.853234                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77349.626236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77349.626236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77349.626236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77349.626236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876931                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44786                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44786                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6924                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        33303                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           18418                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196919                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                215112                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44786                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        18418                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                63532                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27950                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              3839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        168417                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          263                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30991                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4133                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             66                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       454354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.878414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.350581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392143     86.31%     86.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2815      0.62%     86.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2510      0.55%     87.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3425      0.75%     88.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5123      1.13%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3762      0.83%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            6031      1.33%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2847      0.63%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35698      7.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       454354                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051071                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.245301                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          195627                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178122                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57625                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2219                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20758                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        383543                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20758                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          200816                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         109490                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54761                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54624                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13902                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        364990                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9321                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          134                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       403166                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       912959                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       912793                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          166                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       245842                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          157217                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1051                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1056                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            37376                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        48863                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27474                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3203                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            339266                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1713                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           300888                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1807                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       113191                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       169174                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          822                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       454354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.662233                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.429259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       342119     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37573      8.27%     83.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        24091      5.30%     88.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18461      4.06%     92.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        13067      2.88%     95.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9921      2.18%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6448      1.42%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2203      0.48%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          471      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       454354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            698     48.17%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           379     26.16%     74.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          372     25.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3201      1.06%      1.06% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       231627     76.98%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.05% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        42652     14.18%     92.22% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23398      7.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        300888                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.343115                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1449                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004816                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1060354                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       454254                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       286859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           64                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           82                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           19                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        299104                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5199                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18898                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9591                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           29                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20758                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93720                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1060                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       340979                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5413                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        48863                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27474                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1345                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           563                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          172                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1564                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6479                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8043                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       292065                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        40451                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               62797                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29922                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22346                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.333054                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                287617                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               286878                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           189110                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           300760                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.327139                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628774                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       122858                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6955                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.435073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       358861     82.75%     82.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27678      6.38%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13912      3.21%     92.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11737      2.71%     95.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6868      1.58%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3461      0.80%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1961      0.45%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2827      0.65%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6380      1.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       118616                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        218085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47814                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29933                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24206                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           216119                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              768105                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             702872                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2576                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 422577                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             118616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               218085                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       118616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.393025                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.393025                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.135263                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.135263                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          566637                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         313913                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               28                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         128292                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.959714                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2959713892431                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10558777045941                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  26408                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    45919                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               25981694                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5256088                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                113915.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3008245995                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5230915189                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1764096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6828288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1263552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     93538304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    468807616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           572205440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     93538304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       93538304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    261539136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        261539136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        27564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106692                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19743                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1461536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7325119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              8940710                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        4086549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             4086549                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       596036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2307077                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       426917                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     31603833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    158396262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              193331336                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     31603833                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          31603833                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         88366358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              88366358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         88366358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       596036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2307077                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       426917                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     31603833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    158396262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             281697693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    29532                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.961208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         33                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    29548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001117                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.781254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.179954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.986328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.011247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.997575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                13                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          407                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             451                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29056                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          29128                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            29579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29463                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          116                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           29579                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     16990000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2075447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19065447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5038294368                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5526000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5043820368                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5055284368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7601447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5062885815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5055284368                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7601447                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5062885815                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           57                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           77                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        29133                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          29597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         29597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.971983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935065                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999828                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41744.471744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 47169.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42273.718404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173399.448238                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet        76750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173160.545455                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171580.774802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65529.715517                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171164.874235                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171580.774802                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 65529.715517                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171164.874235                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     34446700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                3345                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10297.967115                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          29103                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               29103                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29056                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        29463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     11940800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1529600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13470400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4688272848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4642200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4692915048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4700213648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6171800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4706385448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4700213648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6171800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4706385448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935065                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999828                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.865672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29338.574939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34763.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29867.849224                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161353.002753                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet        64475                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161113.535018                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159529.363880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53205.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159112.392170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 159529.363880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 53205.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159112.392170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          454                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1859584                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          454                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      28966020                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4013.021891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       124816405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      28970071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.308460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7625565827600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1017.114453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.003097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.002144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   144.688570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    46.001684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    879.081281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1926.130662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.248319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.214619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.470247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.979742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46010448                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3735318                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16545035                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     33816177                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total              100106978                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        30134342                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             30134342                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1453032                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1453032                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8464302                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              8464302                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46010448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3735318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16545035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     42280479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total               108571280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46010448                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3735318                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     16545035                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     42280479                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total              108571280                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       619240                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       207446                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6584585                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16120469                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             23531740                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        11101                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             11101                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5358965                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5358965                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       619240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       207446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6584585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21479434                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              28890705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       619240                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       207446                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6584585                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21479434                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             28890705                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22067036223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6191274512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 261480341948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 695174061396                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   984912714079                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    256213128                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    256213128                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 367568071829                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 367568071829                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22067036223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6191274512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 261480341948                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1062742133225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1352480785908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22067036223                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6191274512                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 261480341948                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1062742133225                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1352480785908                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46629688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3942764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23129620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49936646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          123638718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     30134342                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         30134342                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1464133                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1464133                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13823267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         13823267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46629688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3942764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23129620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63759913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           137461985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46629688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3942764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23129620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     63759913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          137461985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.284682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.190327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007582                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.007582                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.387677                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.387677                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.284682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336880                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.210172                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.284682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336880                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.210172                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35635.676350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29845.234480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39710.982841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43123.687121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41854.648831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23080.184488                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23080.184488                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68589.377208                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68589.377208                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35635.676350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29845.234480                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39710.982841                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49477.194475                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46813.699628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35635.676350                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29845.234480                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39710.982841                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49477.194475                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46813.699628                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            10801736                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 10801736                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           76                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           76                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           37                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           84                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           76                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               207                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       619203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       207362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6584575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16120393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23531533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        11101                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        11101                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5358965                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5358965                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       619203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       207362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6584575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21479358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         28890498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       619203                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       207362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6584575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21479358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        28890498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18697007827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5042329000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 224225431995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 605022344249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 852987113071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    903872314                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    903872314                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 337567765667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 337567765667                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18697007827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5042329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 224225431995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 942590109916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1190554878738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  18697007827                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5042329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 224225431995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 942590109916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1190554878738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    148394792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    148394792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    355388628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    355388628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    503783420                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    503783420                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.284682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.322817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007582                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007582                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.387677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.387677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.284682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.210171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.052593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.284682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30195.279782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24316.552695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34053.136610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37531.488485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36248.684396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81422.602829                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81422.602829                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62991.224176                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62991.224176                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30195.279782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24316.552695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34053.136610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43883.532735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41209.219680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 30195.279782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24316.552695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34053.136610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43883.532735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41209.219680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       8886321                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32213.552915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        25416616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       8918652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.849827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7625434516166                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11208.467334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.049977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.030618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.005671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   514.455176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   128.708962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6205.982125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14155.852491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.342055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.189392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.432002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       512511                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       187619                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5123038                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     11945543                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               17768711                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        10801736                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             10801736                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1911                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1911                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2208257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2208257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       512511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       187619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5123038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14153800                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                19976968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       512511                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       187619                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5123038                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14153800                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               19976968                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106692                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19743                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1461537                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4174850                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              5762822                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9349                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              9349                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3150549                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3150549                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19743                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1461537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7325399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               8913371                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106692                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19743                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1461537                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7325399                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              8913371                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9949081076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1869680616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 136576343830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 390860554032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   539255659554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73147436                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     73147436                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 292480271330                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 292480271330                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9949081076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1869680616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 136576343830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 683340825362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    831735930884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9949081076                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1869680616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 136576343830                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 683340825362                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   831735930884                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       619203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       207362                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6584575                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16120393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           23531533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     10801736                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         10801736                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11260                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           11260                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5358806                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5358806                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       619203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       207362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6584575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21479199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            28890339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       619203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       207362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6584575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21479199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           28890339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.172305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.244898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830284                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.830284                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.587920                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.587920                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.172305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.308524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.172305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.308524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93250.488097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94700.937851                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93447.065541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93622.658067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93574.929011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7824.091988                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7824.091988                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92834.700025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92834.700025                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93250.488097                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94700.937851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93447.065541                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93283.768620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93313.285275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93250.488097                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94700.937851                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93447.065541                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93283.768620                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93313.285275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             4057446                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  4057446                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1461537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4174850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5762822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9349                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         9349                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3150549                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3150549                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1461537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7325399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          8913371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       106692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        19743                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1461537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7325399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         8913371                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8452872666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1593716713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115968714718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 332068672865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 458083976962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    732054588                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    732054588                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 247328950023                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 247328950023                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8452872666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1593716713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115968714718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 579397622888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 705412926985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8452872666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1593716713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 115968714718                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 579397622888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 705412926985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    132363330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    132363330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    312311032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    312311032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    444674362                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    444674362                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.172305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.258979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830284                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830284                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.587920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.587920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.172305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.308524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.172305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.095210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.341046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.308524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79226.864863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80723.127843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79347.094680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79540.264408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79489.523876                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78302.982993                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78302.982993                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78503.444962                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78503.444962                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79226.864863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80723.127843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79347.094680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79094.343242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79140.981228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79226.864863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80723.127843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79347.094680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79094.343242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79140.981228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          766                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         13                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    6806                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        31                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2518                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            10                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2070                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     4736                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              4                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  15                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              23129697                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               742164714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              23130209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 32.086382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    742156401                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      742156401                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    742156401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       742156401                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    742156401                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      742156401                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24908055                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     24908055                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24908055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      24908055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     24908055                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     24908055                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 605312533433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 605312533433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 605312533433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 605312533433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 605312533433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 605312533433                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    767064456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    767064456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    767064456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    767064456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    767064456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    767064456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.032472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24301.878787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24301.878787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24301.878787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24301.878787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 24301.878787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24301.878787                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     15263324                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            375                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40702.197333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1778218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1778218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1778218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1778218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1778218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1778218                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23129837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23129837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23129837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23129837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23129837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23129837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 464353805016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 464353805016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 464353805016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 464353805016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 464353805016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 464353805016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20075.965300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20075.965300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20075.965300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20075.965300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20075.965300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20075.965300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      3943259                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.997840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      13396679                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      3943275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.397348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.997840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13396420                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     13396420                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13396420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     13396420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13396420                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     13396420                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3943472                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      3943472                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3943472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      3943472                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3943472                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      3943472                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  61626020145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  61626020145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  61626020145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  61626020145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  61626020145                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  61626020145                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17339892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17339892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17339892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     17339892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17339892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     17339892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.227422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.227422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15627.350757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15627.350757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15627.350757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15627.350757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15627.350757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15627.350757                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7065                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7065                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3943472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3943472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3943472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3943472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3943472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3943472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  49200696300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49200696300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  49200696300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  49200696300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  49200696300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  49200696300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12476.491858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12476.491858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12476.491858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12476.491858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12476.491858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12476.491858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     46649285                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      92134888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     46649301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.975054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     92134332                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     92134332                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     92134332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     92134332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     92134332                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     92134332                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46660235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     46660235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46660235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     46660235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46660235                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     46660235                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 583238899719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 583238899719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 583238899719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 583238899719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 583238899719                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 583238899719                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    138794567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    138794567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    138794567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    138794567                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    138794567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    138794567                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.336182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.336182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.336182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12499.699149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12499.699149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12499.699149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12499.699149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12499.699149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12499.699149                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       150948                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       150948                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46660235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     46660235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46660235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     46660235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46660235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     46660235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 437592655100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 437592655100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 437592655100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 437592655100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 437592655100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 437592655100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.336182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9378.277994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9378.277994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9378.277994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9378.277994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9378.277994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9378.277994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              63759687                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1489282864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              63760199                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.357563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1099774037                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1099774037                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    387793056                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     387793056                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1487567093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1487567093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1487567093                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1487567093                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     78317880                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     78317880                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     15331452                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     15331452                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     93649332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      93649332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     93649332                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     93649332                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2296154645265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2296154645265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 558253210005                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 558253210005                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2854407855270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2854407855270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2854407855270                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2854407855270                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1178091917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1178091917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    403124508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    403124508                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1581216425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1581216425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1581216425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1581216425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.066479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038032                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038032                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29318.396326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29318.396326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36412.285673                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36412.285673                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30479.746030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30479.746030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30479.746030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30479.746030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     29976329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         29976329                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     28364845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     28364845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        71439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        71439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     28436284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     28436284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     28436284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     28436284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49953035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     49953035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15260013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15260013                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     65213048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     65213048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     65213048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     65213048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1100964947460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1100964947460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 500151877160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 500151877160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1601116824620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1601116824620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1601116824620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1601116824620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    154772781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    154772781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    372010454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    372010454                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    526783235                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    526783235                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22040.001122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22040.001122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32775.324448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32775.324448                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24552.093081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24552.093081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24552.093081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24552.093081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              8888029707                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       887632692                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    887632692                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     95741363                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    641359695                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       520798029                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2912551362                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            4937199608                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          887632692                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    520798029                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1462016885                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      507624162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         122240078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2773513323                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       111547                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2687362                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         3731                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        767064799                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     47365903                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1850962                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   7683137274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.125987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.566479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      6244977350     81.28%     81.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        89523252      1.17%     82.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        86046095      1.12%     83.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       133972558      1.74%     85.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        99508215      1.30%     86.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       120065620      1.56%     88.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        91704890      1.19%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        99724951      1.30%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       717614343      9.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   7683137274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.099868                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.555489                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      3015607738                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2852936945                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1348711884                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     55867721                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     410012986                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    8445791802                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         3575                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     410012986                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3138299334                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     2310285367                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     46271646                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1271428087                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    506839854                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    8211094084                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      4647216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      88240019                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    391322516                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2612027                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   9209413672                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  20693653869                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  20624623221                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     69030648                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5930112573                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3279301086                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2325182                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2327790                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1097816601                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1600910223                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    638541031                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    103098738                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     69850955                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        7847697796                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4731425                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6846727169                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     15598748                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2535258938                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3790564147                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      2025135                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   7683137274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.891137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.506234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   4894792839     63.71%     63.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1   1004813951     13.08%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    705042989      9.18%     85.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    432252616      5.63%     91.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    299746065      3.90%     95.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    195153955      2.54%     98.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    106192572      1.38%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     37978371      0.49%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7163916      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   7683137274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9553409     29.63%     29.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        49460      0.15%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      13434070     41.67%     71.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      9203456     28.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     46083258      0.67%      0.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   4906270346     71.66%     72.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.33% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     10925460      0.16%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.49% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1358755996     19.85%     92.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    524692109      7.66%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6846727169                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.770331                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           32240395                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004709                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  21419595468                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes  10352270922                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6622257971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     41733792                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     36639077                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     19225717                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6812097958                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       20786348                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    145052363                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    544098583                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1184379                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1279680                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    235426488                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       334429                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         1411                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     410012986                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1633215429                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     35228256                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   7852429221                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     45982584                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1600910223                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    638541035                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      4134026                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      13646240                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      4266346                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1279680                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     66110367                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     36948078                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts    103058445                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6736457417                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1323504353                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    110269752                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1838303767                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       644128485                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         514799414                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.757925                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6661963622                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6641483688                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4664230349                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       7227903308                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.747239                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.645309                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2641000166                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2706290                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     96051255                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   7273578687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.716997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.773957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   5659140452     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    554125720      7.62%     85.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    253803532      3.49%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    304227032      4.18%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    112433566      1.55%     94.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     65116912      0.90%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     49159598      0.68%     96.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     34131082      0.47%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    241440793      3.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   7273578687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2999758871                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    5215134210                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1459926182                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads           1056811637                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             249270                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         545427969                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          14949925                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       5184045246                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    241440793                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         14887644066                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        16123955648                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               24554707                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1204892433                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2999758871                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           5215134210                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2999758871                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.962915                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.962915                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.337505                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.337505                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     13075929546                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     7400087762                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18402552                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        14245413                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3242428871                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2196501                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       176552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        77967960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        13280455                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           91508359                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     77967960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      77967960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1454                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9555662                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10790012                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               76                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        22069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9818                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9745995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          2056587                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11834846                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              60                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1285696                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1305020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        59652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        26538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           26343073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            4487074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              30917975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      26343073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         26343073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       416559                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               491                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           3228576                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              3645627                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       417373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        59652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        26538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          26343073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           7715650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             34563601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         766                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        13                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   6806                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       31                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2518                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           10                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    4736                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2070                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             4                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 16                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     8883614001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7410593                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13873373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13817157                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9589                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1065980                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13817157                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9589                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          35740150                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15861630                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14503                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6110                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3349741                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   2061011                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1288730                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             8867409936.717180                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             16204064.282819                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001824                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998176                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
