
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   291670038                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15001540942167                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  60982                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   108539                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33553735                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490076                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      530092                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        943488                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       124672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        67136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              285120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       124672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         124864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              658278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              877704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    427441916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    230177911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              977542986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         658278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    427441916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         428100195                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             305441041                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        305441041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    308951857                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             658278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             877704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6802207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1316556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    427441916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    230177911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1282984027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.617488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             15001365801000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.617488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.601093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.601093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    248058824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249006824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    249006824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    249006824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    249006824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43090.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176178.142045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174130.646154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1685400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10803.846154                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       668600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       668600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231092800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231092800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231761400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231761400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    231761400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231761400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30390.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30390.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164128.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164128.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162070.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1280                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1454.412357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.285937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           52.312378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.539130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.180941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.024645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.217957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    18.740496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.079433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    992.370035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    380.947342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.012772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.242278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.093005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.355081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2478                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1367                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          252                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4183                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             357                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  357                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   39                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2478                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           83                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1367                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          291                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4222                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2359                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          909                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3336                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                239                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2359                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1146                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3575                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3564218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       708841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211552532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88544166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      304369757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     24219816                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24219816                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3564218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       708841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211552532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112763982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       328589573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3564218                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       708841                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211552532                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112763982                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      328589573                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7519                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              357                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          276                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              278                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.633119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.782946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.443676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.858696                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.859712                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.633119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.458510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.633119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.458510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 75834.425532                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70884.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89678.902925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97408.323432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91237.936751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102193.316456                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101338.142259                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 75834.425532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70884.100000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89678.902925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98397.890052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91913.167273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 75834.425532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 70884.100000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89678.902925                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98397.890052                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91913.167273                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  60                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       60                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           237                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3308488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       653763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198445710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     83555155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    285963116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22906241                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22906241                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3308488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       653763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198445710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106461396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    308869357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3308488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       653763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    198445710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106461396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    308869357                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3820641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3820641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7504715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7504715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11325356                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11325356                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.633119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.782946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.858696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.852518                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.633119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.456842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.107527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.633119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.797495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.456842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 70393.361702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 65376.300000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84122.810513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91919.862486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86003.944662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96650.805907                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96650.805907                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 70393.361702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 65376.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84122.810513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92898.251309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86712.340539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 70393.361702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 65376.300000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84122.810513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92898.251309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86712.340539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1828.387452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            6.987143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.650533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     5.250014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1258.470087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    523.029769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.015962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.055798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          411                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           91                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    522                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              60                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   60                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    4                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          411                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           95                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          411                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data           95                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    526                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1948                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          818                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2814                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                235                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1948                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1051                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3049                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2958288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573363                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185334397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     79192755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      268058803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     22037067                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22037067                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2958288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185334397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101229822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       290095870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2958288                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       573363                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    185334397                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    101229822                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      290095870                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              239                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.825774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.899890                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.843525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983122                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.983264                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.825774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.917103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.852867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.825774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.917103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.852867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95428.645161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95560.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95140.860883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96812.658924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95258.991827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94579.686695                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93774.753191                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95428.645161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95560.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95140.860883                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96317.623216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95144.594949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 95428.645161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95560.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95140.860883                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96317.623216                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95144.594949                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           233                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2528788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157954807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     67746569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228719461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     18721035                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18721035                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2528788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157954807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86467604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    247440496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2528788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       489297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    157954807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     86467604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    247440496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.825774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.899890                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.983122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.825774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.917103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.849231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.659574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.825774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.917103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.849231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81573.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81549.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81085.629877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82819.766504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81598.095255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80347.789700                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80347.789700                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81573.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81549.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81085.629877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82271.745005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81502.139657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 81573.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 81549.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81085.629877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82271.745005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81502.139657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           27                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   27                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            1                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          27                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 71                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                24                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         5                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3216                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               455.646695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   19364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.021144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          15001369177300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      1.024845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   454.621851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.887933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.889935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23080                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23094                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           23094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           14                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23080                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          23094                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4395                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4398                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4395                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4395                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4398                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294860980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    294860980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294860980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    294860980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    294860980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    294860980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        27492                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        27492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        27475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        27492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.159964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.159974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.159964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.159974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.176471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.159964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.159974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67090.097838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67044.333788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67090.097838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67044.333788                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 67090.097838                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67044.333788                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          669                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230798987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230798987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230798987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230798987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    230798987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230798987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.135614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61942.830649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61942.830649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61942.830649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61942.830649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61942.830649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61942.830649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           83                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.475764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           83                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.252705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.223059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.015794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.638941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.654735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          233                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          230                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          233                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           96                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           96                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           96                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1863361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1863361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1863361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1863361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1863361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1863361                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.291793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.291793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.291793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20036.139785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19410.010417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20036.139785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19410.010417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 20036.139785                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19410.010417                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           93                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           93                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           93                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           93                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1571464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1571464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1571464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1571464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1571464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1571464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.287926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16897.462366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16897.462366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16897.462366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16897.462366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16897.462366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16897.462366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2517                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      13.881101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.077870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.045806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.835295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.002863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.864706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.867569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          302                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          302                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          302                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          302                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2533                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2533                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31895885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31895885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31895885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31895885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31895885                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31895885                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.893474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.893474                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.893474                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12622.036011                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12592.137781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12622.036011                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12592.137781                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12622.036011                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12592.137781                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24121032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24121032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24121032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24121032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24121032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24121032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.891358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893248                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.891358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.893248                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.891358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9545.323308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9545.323308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9545.323308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9545.323308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9545.323308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9545.323308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                   929                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               421.981908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   17188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                   929                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 18.501615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          15001439576300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      3.269712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   418.712196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.817797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.824183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        29592                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          29593                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        15703                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15706                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        45295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           45299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        45295                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          45299                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2258                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2260                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          301                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2557                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2561                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    193451438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    193451438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     27339542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27339542                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220790980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    220790980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220790980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    220790980                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        31850                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        31853                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16002                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16007                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        47860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        47852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        47860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018804                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85673.798937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85597.981416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91436.595318                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90829.043189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86347.665233                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 86212.799688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86347.665233                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 86212.799688                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          357                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              357                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94324080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94324080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25307960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25307960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119632040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119632040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    119632040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119632040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3988021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3988021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7792386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7792386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11780407                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11780407                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017998                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017992                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81243.824289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81243.824289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87874.861111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87874.861111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82561.794341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82561.794341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82561.794341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82561.794341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  779276                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           41417                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        41417                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6333                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        30518                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           16566                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       174601                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                196613                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              41417                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        16566                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                58257                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24951                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              1746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        147804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           26                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          347                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            27475                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3812                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             34                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       401164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.912131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.388674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          344106     85.78%     85.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2787      0.69%     86.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2132      0.53%     87.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2880      0.72%     87.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4574      1.14%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            4125      1.03%     89.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5494      1.37%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2190      0.55%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           32876      8.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       401164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.053148                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.252302                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          172339                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       155535                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            51596                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         3306                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         18383                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        351733                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         18383                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          176817                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles          85683                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        57361                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            50428                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12487                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        334586                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          3272                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         7593                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          124                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       370427                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       834055                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       833965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       232785                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          137642                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1009                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1011                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            32291                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        43248                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        24576                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2126                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1119                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            311462                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1709                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           278333                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1537                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       100425                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       148122                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          859                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       401164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.693814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.458918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       298282     74.35%     74.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        33769      8.42%     82.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21528      5.37%     88.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17855      4.45%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12097      3.02%     95.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9172      2.29%     97.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5963      1.49%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2067      0.52%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          431      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       401164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            670     46.37%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     46.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           406     28.10%     74.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          369     25.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2974      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       215897     77.57%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.64% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        38393     13.79%     92.43% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21059      7.57%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        278333                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.357169                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1445                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005192                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       961711                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       413686                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       265255                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        276790                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4424                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15714                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          130                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          142                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8529                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           34                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         18383                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          73580                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          966                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       313171                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4842                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        43248                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        24576                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1287                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           548                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          142                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1240                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6186                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7426                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       270155                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        36346                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               56397                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           27900                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20051                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.346674                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                265992                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               265264                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           175050                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           277938                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.340398                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629817                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       108226                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          850                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6380                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       382853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.535315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.492506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       314240     82.08%     82.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24712      6.45%     88.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12659      3.31%     91.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10653      2.78%     94.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6282      1.64%     96.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3473      0.91%     97.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1855      0.48%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2497      0.65%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6482      1.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       382853                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       111765                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        204947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 43581                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                27534                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             22846                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           203095                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6482                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              689404                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             644856                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2504                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 378112                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               96577                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             111765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               204947                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       111765                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      6.972451                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                6.972451                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.143422                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.143422                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          525839                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         291911                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         116993                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           692                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4443864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          713299                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5175035                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4443864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          651161                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665008                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              86102                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15235929033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2445568303                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17742772057                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15235929033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2232526195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38372128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22902592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15235929033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4678094498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19975298251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         875895                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418313                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      738514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              736706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  305                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     736706                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         305                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1949258                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           844198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                508                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      193455                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107370                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    86085                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   875895                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.095631                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 95630603337                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               15097463567523                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  31376                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    57296                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34638783                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4593308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2760.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    86623520                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     158183075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1966080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            80768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       101632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        77440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      5851072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     18699968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            26776960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      5851072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total        5851072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10627904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         10627904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        30720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              1262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1588                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        91423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       292187                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               418390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         166061                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              166061                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide     20559109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet              844583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1062756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       809783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     61184096                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    195543763                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              280004089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     61184096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          61184096                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        111134968                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             111134968                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        111134968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     20559109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             844583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1062756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       809783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     61184096                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    195543763                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             391139057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    48714                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.929968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                       1331                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    48729                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.027314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     4.386063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        10.543905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.274129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.658994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.933123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet            973                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total               973                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet           244                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total              244                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet            1217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total               1217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet           1217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total              1217                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        16247                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           16732                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         1525                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          32565                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         17772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            49297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        17772                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           49297                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     21018000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   1774220260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1795238260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5455162120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    127488000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5582650120                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5476180120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   1901708260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   7377888380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5476180120                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   1901708260                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   7377888380                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        17220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         17705                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         1769                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        32809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        18989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          50514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        18989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         50514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.945044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.862069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.992563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.975908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.975908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43336.082474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 109202.945775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107293.704279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175746.202320                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 83598.688525                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171430.987870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173709.123553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107005.866532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149662.015538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173709.123553                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 107005.866532                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149662.015538                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     52616700                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                5351                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9833.059241                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          32187                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               32187                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        16247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         1525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        32565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        17772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        49297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        31525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        17772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        49297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     14915900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1578627499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1593543399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5081105120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    108837900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5189943020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5096021020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1687465399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6783486419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5096021020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   1687465399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6783486419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.943496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.945044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.862069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992563                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.935910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.975908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30754.432990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 97164.245645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95239.266017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163695.396907                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 71369.114754                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159371.810840                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161650.151308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 94950.787700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137604.446903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161650.151308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 94950.787700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137604.446903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          485                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1986560                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          485                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                       1348454                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3359.682484                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         2359323                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                       1351521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.745680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          710.780533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.002200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    74.413505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    30.196246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1362.552758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1181.737243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.173530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.007372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.332654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.288510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.820235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       355621                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41533                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       409528                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       851627                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                1658309                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          909672                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               909672                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        41280                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               41280                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        39090                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                39090                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       355621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       409528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       890717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 1697399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       355621                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        41533                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       409528                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       890717                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                1697399                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31054                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16406                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       595533                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       494933                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              1137926                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4697                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4697                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       179208                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             179208                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       595533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       674141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total               1317134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31054                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16406                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       595533                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       674141                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total              1317134                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    828966731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    465424242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20608551825                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  26912102119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    48815044917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    202282060                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    202282060                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13291617736                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  13291617736                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    828966731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    465424242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20608551825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40203719855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     62106662653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    828966731                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    465424242                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  20608551825                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40203719855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    62106662653                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       386675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1005061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1346560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            2796235                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       909672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           909672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        45977                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           45977                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       218298                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           218298                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       386675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1005061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1564858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             3014533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       386675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        57939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1005061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1564858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            3014533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.080310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.592534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.367554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.406949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102160                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.102160                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.820933                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.820933                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.080310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.592534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.430800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.436928                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.080310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.283160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.592534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.430800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.436928                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26694.362433                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28369.147995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34605.222255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54375.242950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42898.259568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43066.225250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43066.225250                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74168.662872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74168.662872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26694.362433                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28369.147995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34605.222255                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59636.960005                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47152.880916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26694.362433                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 28369.147995                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 34605.222255                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59636.960005                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47152.880916                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              352760                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   352760                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           50                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                68                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       595528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       494933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1137858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4697                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4697                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       179208                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        179208                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       595528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       674141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          1317066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       595528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       674141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         1317066                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    659234465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    374755604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17242140427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24172433807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42448564303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    316079950                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    316079950                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12291627300                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12291627300                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    659234465                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    374755604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17242140427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36464061107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  54740191603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    659234465                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    374755604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  17242140427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  36464061107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  54740191603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    188350012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    188350012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    302676897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    302676897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    491026909                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    491026909                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.080277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.592529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.367554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406925                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102160                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.102160                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.820933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.820933                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.080277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.592529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.430800                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.436905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.080277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.282297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.592529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.430800                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.436905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21237.539544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22912.423820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28952.694797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48839.810251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37305.678128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67294.006813                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67294.006813                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68588.608209                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68588.608209                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21237.539544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22912.423820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28952.694797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54089.665377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41562.223611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21237.539544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 22912.423820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 28952.694797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54089.665377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41562.223611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        359423                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     30744.808236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                         1105146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        391670                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.821625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  15066015141845                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8270.105157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.153938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.161850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.460013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.291925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   144.599084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    92.975990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   9326.641320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  12903.418958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.252384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.004413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.284627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.393781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.938257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        29453                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15146                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       504102                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       301907                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 850608                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          352760                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               352760                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1477                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1477                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        64429                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                64429                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        29453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       504102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       366336                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  915037                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        29453                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        15146                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       504102                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       366336                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 915037                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1588                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91426                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       193026                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               287250                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4563                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4563                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       113436                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             113436                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1588                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       306462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                400686                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1588                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1210                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91426                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       306462                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               400686                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    149125653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113441651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8553428222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18004576956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    26820572482                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    132377807                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    132377807                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10724495969                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10724495969                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    149125653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113441651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8553428222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28729072925                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     37545068451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    149125653                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    113441651                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   8553428222                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  28729072925                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    37545068451                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       595528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       494933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total            1137858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       352760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           352760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6040                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            6040                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       177865                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total           177865                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16356                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       595528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       672798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total             1315723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        31041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        16356                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       595528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       672798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total            1315723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.153521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.390004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.252448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.755464                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.755464                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.637765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.637765                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.153521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.455504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.304537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.153521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.455504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.304537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93907.841940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93753.430579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93555.752434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93275.397905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93370.139189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29011.134561                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29011.134561                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94542.261443                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94542.261443                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93907.841940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93753.430579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93555.752434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93744.323685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93701.972245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93907.841940                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93753.430579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93555.752434                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93744.323685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93701.972245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              133874                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   133874                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       193026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          287250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4563                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4563                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       113436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        113436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           400686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        91426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       306462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          400686                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    126868091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96450654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7265257073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15288285345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22776861163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    341387686                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    341387686                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9113186345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9113186345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    126868091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96450654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7265257073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24401471690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31890047508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    126868091                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     96450654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7265257073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24401471690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31890047508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    167182367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    167182367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    268595424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    268595424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    435777791                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    435777791                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.153521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.390004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.755464                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755464                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.637765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.637765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.153521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.455504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.304537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.051158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.073979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.153521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.455504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79891.744962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79711.284298                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79465.984217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79203.243838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79292.815189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74816.499233                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74816.499233                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80337.691253                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80337.691253                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79891.744962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79711.284298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79465.984217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79623.156182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79588.624279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79891.744962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79711.284298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79465.984217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79623.156182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79588.624279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      1031285                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        30298                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                        762                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                        439                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                    660                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   750                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   439                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                88806969                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      1201                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     1061583                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         12559                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 86272383                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  2534586                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                           7968                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                           4591                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 293                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1005062                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                11185831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1005574                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.123827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11177863                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11177863                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11177863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        11177863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     11177863                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       11177863                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1139696                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1139696                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1139696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       1139696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1139696                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      1139696                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33348480551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  33348480551                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33348480551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  33348480551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  33348480551                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  33348480551                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12317559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12317559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12317559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     12317559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     12317559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     12317559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.092526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29260.856010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29260.856010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29260.856010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29260.856010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 29260.856010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29260.856010                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4283158                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            132                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 32448.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       134624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       134624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst       134624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134624                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1005072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1005072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1005072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1005072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1005072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1005072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25150118340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25150118340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25150118340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25150118340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  25150118340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25150118340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081597                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.081597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081597                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25023.200666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25023.200666                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25023.200666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25023.200666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25023.200666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25023.200666                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        59626                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.705453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs        310142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        59641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        5.200148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 15002268611300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.705453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.981591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.981591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       309752                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       309752                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       309752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       309752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       309752                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       309752                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62756                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        62756                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        62756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62756                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        62756                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1085888817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1085888817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1085888817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1085888817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1085888817                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1085888817                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       372508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       372508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       372508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       372508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.168469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.168469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.168469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17303.346564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17303.346564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17303.346564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17303.346564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17303.346564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17303.346564                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         7346                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         7346                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        62756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    878672463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    878672463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    878672463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    878672463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    878672463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    878672463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.168469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14001.409634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14001.409634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14001.409634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14001.409634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14001.409634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14001.409634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements       398866                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.860917                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       1705811                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs       398882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.276480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.860917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.991307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.991307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1705349                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      1705349                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1705349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      1705349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1705349                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      1705349                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402045                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total       402045                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total       402045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402045                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total       402045                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6252524648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6252524648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6252524648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6252524648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6252524648                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6252524648                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2107394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2107394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2107394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      2107394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2107394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      2107394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.190778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.190778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.190778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15551.803027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15551.803027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15551.803027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15551.803027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 15551.803027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15551.803027                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       134383                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       134383                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       402045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       402045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       402045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       402045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4964402554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4964402554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4964402554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4964402554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   4964402554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4964402554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.190778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12347.877859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12347.877859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12347.877859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12347.877859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12347.877859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12347.877859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1565595                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.919645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                21969920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1566107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 14.028365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.117021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.802624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14009644                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       14009644                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7880047                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7880047                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     21889691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        21889691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     21889691                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       21889691                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2300042                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2300042                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       265892                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       265892                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      2565934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       2565934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      2565934                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      2565934                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  98824324776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  98824324776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15702955870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  15702955870                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114527280646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 114527280646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 114527280646                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 114527280646                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16309686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16309686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8145939                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8145939                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24455625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24455625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     24455625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24455625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.141023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.141023                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032641                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.104922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.104922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.104922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42966.313126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42966.313126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59057.646977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59057.646977                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44633.759343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44633.759343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 44633.759343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44633.759343                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       767943                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           767943                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       951720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       951720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         2254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2254                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       953974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       953974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       953974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       953974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1348322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1348322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       263638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       263638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1611960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1611960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1611960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1611960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40427000830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40427000830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14640474823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14640474823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55067475653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55067475653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55067475653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55067475653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    197750857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    197750857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    315863578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    315863578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    513614435                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    513614435                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032364                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032364                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.065914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29983.194541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29983.194541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55532.490851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55532.490851                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34161.812733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34161.812733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 34161.812733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34161.812733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               234577192                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        17455559                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17455559                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1863664                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13416267                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits         9516345                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     57533283                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              80941220                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           17455559                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      9516345                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             25414826                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        7684840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles           1906457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      96522422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        20042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       270021                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1018                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         12317656                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1138272                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          26386                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    187346984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.789186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.207504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       162776853     86.89%     86.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         1427470      0.76%     87.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         1460297      0.78%     88.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         2247895      1.20%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         2119045      1.13%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         1698805      0.91%     91.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         1725040      0.92%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         1693288      0.90%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        12198291      6.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    187346984                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.074413                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.345052                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        60239682                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     97542149                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         22471299                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      1414939                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       5678915                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     143813361                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          380                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       5678915                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        62440808                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       75320720                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     12656753                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         21512165                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9737623                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     139435544                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       152829                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3007054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      5656734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       220595                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    157437469                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    362943807                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    361299958                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1643849                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    113879371                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        43558103                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       385342                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       384832                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         20973418                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     22688674                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     10754986                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      3095807                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1902263                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         133436903                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       469533                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        121846089                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       408361                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     32198150                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     50494521                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       156979                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    187346984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.650377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    134844978     71.98%     71.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20623833     11.01%     82.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13668871      7.30%     90.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7525386      4.02%     94.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5281086      2.82%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2991097      1.60%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1751974      0.94%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       561389      0.30%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        98370      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    187346984                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         281038     44.80%     44.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     44.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     44.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         6375      1.02%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     45.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        227890     36.32%     82.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112071     17.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       838503      0.69%      0.69% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     90056237     73.91%     74.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     74.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     74.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       422298      0.35%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20662972     16.96%     91.90% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      9866079      8.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     121846089                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.519429                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             627374                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    431591988                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165294083                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117956838                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1089547                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       879764                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       505000                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     121092037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses         542923                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3828381                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5702270                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        33718                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        73864                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2608011                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        21594                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       5678915                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       53922303                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       892974                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    133906436                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      1165698                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22688674                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     10754995                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       444187                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        420839                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        27828                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        73864                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       903088                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1147060                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      2050148                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    119792881                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20146410                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2053205                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            29829495                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        13257604                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           9683085                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.510676                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             118700446                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            118461838                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         80546521                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        130782334                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.505002                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.615882                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     34200284                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       312554                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      1898163                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    181711966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.548672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.592118                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    149911885     82.50%     82.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12655571      6.96%     89.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4482278      2.47%     91.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5051327      2.78%     94.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2126126      1.17%     95.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1130354      0.62%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       645161      0.36%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       775240      0.43%     97.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      4934024      2.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    181711966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     55284955                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      99700220                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              25133379                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             16986406                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars               9519                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          11723329                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            399765                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         99173289                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      4934024                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           310549771                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          273507194                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 905569                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               47230208                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            52601704                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts           55284955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps             99700220                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total     55284955                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      4.243057                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                4.243057                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.235679                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.235679                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       243566932                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      131995371                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads           835802                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          436627                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads       57949256                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        360596                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        15208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           52394                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      2119336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       375992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       320305168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        52419928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          375288026                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    320305168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     320305168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      7852032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      1053381                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     36473875                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        45379288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       264917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        46999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         40038146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          8265073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            48619262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide       122688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           17682                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         5010680                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            5151050                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       159029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             547879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     22161692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker      3931712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         3349400263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          548150134                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            3924350709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    3349400263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       3349400263                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide     82107942                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet          11015104                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         381403795                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            474526840                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide     82266970                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet          11562983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     22161692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      3931712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        3349400263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         929553928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           4398877549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         1917                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      7852032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         1917                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       30298                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     1031285                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                       439                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                       762                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   90                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                  762                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               88806969                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     1201                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    1061583                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        12559                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 2534586                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                86272383                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                          4591                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                          7968                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                438                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                      287179527                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  30271325                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    56593368                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            56154628                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               380893                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      4681230                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   56154628                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      380893                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         145435939                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         63625636                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             636967                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            317719                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    13269137                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   8265879                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  5003258                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             220815026.938195                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             66364500.061805                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.231091                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.768909                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
