
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  91163                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   162551                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               49598811                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4491076                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.89                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      536751                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        957078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        80320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       136320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              305088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       136320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        78592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            78592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1255                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1228                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1228                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    275038343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6136314                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    466798145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    278983117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1044707397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    466798145                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         467017299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        269121184                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             269121184                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        269121184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    275038343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      6136314                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    466798145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    278983117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1313828581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1255                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.645682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598615021000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.645682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.540355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.540355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1271                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1271                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1291                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       849000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       849000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    221480840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    221480840                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    222329840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    222329840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    222329840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    222329840                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        42450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        42450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174257.151849                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174257.151849                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172215.213013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172215.213013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172215.213013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172215.213013                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1245800                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8835.460993                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1235                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1235                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       602700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       602700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    206422752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206422752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    207025452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    207025452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    207025452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    207025452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        30135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        30135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162409.718332                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162409.718332                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160360.536019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160360.536019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160360.536019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160360.536019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           20                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        81920                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           20                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           264                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1817.305687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           264                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.393939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           87.519694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    29.075960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.300808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1169.246453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    510.162907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.021367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002271                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.285461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.124551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.443678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2417                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2067                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          536                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   5125                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             661                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  661                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   89                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    5214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2417                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          105                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         2067                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          625                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   5214                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          961                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3235                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3550                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           70                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3550                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7642329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3019608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223866722                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102575947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337104606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32878581                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32878581                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7642329                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3019608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223866722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135454528                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       369983187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7642329                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3019608                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    223866722                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    135454528                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      369983187                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          661                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              661                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              404                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4231                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4231                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.641951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.386962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.779156                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.779703                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.210526                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.405066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.028146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.210526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.405066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109176.128571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107843.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103450.426063                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106738.758585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104205.442349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104708.856688                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104376.447619                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109176.128571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107843.142857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103450.426063                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106238.845490                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104220.616056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 109176.128571                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 107843.142857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103450.426063                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106238.845490                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104220.616056                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  16                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       16                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7046429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2866108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211910452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     97311552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    319134541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       189190                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       189190                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     31135481                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31135481                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7046429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2866108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211910452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128447033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    350270022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7046429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2866108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    211910452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    128447033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    350270022                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3185289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3185289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7055559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7055559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10240848                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10240848                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.641951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.385287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.779156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.403355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.027342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.511463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.671053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.403355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103623.955882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97925.347505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101260.720083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99079.335921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        94595                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        94595                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99157.582803                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99157.582803                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103623.955882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97925.347505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100742.770980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99086.286280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103623.955882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       102361                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 97925.347505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100742.770980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99086.286280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1781.838711                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.852195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    30.820438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.302151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1197.279188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    531.584875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     36                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              16                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   16                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           34                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     36                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          959                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3197                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1273                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1273                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3512                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6812429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2770408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204170997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93932620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      307686454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30080643                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30080643                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6812429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2770408                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204170997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124013263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       337767097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6812429                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2770408                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    204170997                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124013263                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      337767097                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           16                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               16                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              315                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997919                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.988865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.989853                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.989853                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100182.779412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98943.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95854.928169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97948.508863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96242.243979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95798.226115                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95494.104762                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100182.779412                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98943.142857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95854.928169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97418.117046                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96175.141515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 100182.779412                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 98943.142857                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95854.928169                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97418.117046                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96175.141515                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5869051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2381712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174241944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80554568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263047275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25617859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25617859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5869051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2381712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174241944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106172427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    288665134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5869051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2381712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    174241944                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106172427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    288665134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2834000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9150500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.985153                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.986189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.984288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86309.573529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85061.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81803.729577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83998.506778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82589.411303                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81585.538217                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81585.538217                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86309.573529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85061.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81803.729577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83403.320503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82499.323807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 86309.573529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 85061.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81803.729577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83403.320503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82499.323807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3720                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               429.569602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.898118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598726302000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.164468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   429.405134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.838682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.839003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25480                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25489                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25489                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4939                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4940                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4940                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4939                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4940                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319292928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319292928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319292928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    319292928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319292928                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    319292928                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.162366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.162345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.162366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.162345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.162366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.162345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64647.282446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64634.195951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64647.282446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64634.195951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64647.282446                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64634.195951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          708                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249174508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249174508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249174508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249174508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249174508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249174508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139091                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.139091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58892.580477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58892.580477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58892.580477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58892.580477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58892.580477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58892.580477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          120                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.241068                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.050000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598748148300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.135118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.105950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.694122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.702567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          388                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          388                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          133                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          136                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          133                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          136                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4760108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4760108                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4760108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4760108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4760108                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4760108                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.259542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.259542                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.259542                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35790.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35000.794118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35790.285714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35000.794118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35790.285714                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35000.794118                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4339370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4339370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4339370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4339370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4339370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4339370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.255278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32626.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32626.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32626.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32626.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 32626.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32626.842105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2478                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.904823                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.294189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598620477300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.824774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.080049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          793                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          793                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          793                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2488                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2495                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2488                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2495                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36789264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36789264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36789264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     36789264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     36789264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     36789264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3281                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.758820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.758820                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.758820                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14786.681672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14745.195992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14786.681672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14745.195992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14786.681672                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14745.195992                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29110031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29110031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29110031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29110031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29110031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29110031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758305                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.758305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11700.173232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11700.173232                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11700.173232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11700.173232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11700.173232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11700.173232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1397                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               371.571525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   35053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 25.091625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.436305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   371.135220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.724873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.725726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31762                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31762                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17397                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17398                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49159                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49160                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2720                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2721                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          415                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          416                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3135                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3137                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    216660200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216660200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37154672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37154672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253814872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    253814872                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    253814872                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    253814872                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17812                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52297                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52297                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.078882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.078908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.023352                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059950                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059950                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79654.485294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79625.211319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89529.330120                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89314.115385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80961.681659                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80910.064393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80961.681659                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80910.064393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          661                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              661                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1232                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111725813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111725813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34810889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34810889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146536702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146536702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146536702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146536702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3324202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3324202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7328834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7328834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10653036                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10653036                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022737                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022735                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74583.319760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74583.319760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85952.812346                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85952.812346                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77002.996322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77002.996322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77002.996322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77002.996322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876700                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44697                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44697                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6916                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        34001                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17847                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       203410                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                212931                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44697                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17847                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62998                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        162491                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          385                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30419                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4188                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             67                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       454415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.871859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.345004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392756     86.43%     86.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2826      0.62%     87.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2470      0.54%     87.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3386      0.75%     88.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4965      1.09%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3767      0.83%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5841      1.29%     91.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2711      0.60%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35693      7.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       454415                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050983                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.242878                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          200880                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       173740                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            57051                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2232                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20509                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        380298                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20509                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          206107                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107225                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        52855                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            54055                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13661                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        361519                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2917                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         9071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       398562                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       903011                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       902861                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          150                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       244816                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          153608                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1039                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1038                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36640                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47743                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27507                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3159                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1424                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            336345                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1754                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           298517                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1638                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111063                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       167699                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          863                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       454415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.656926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.428527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       343435     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        37180      8.18%     83.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23568      5.19%     88.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        18262      4.02%     92.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12882      2.83%     95.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9860      2.17%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6481      1.43%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2275      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          472      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       454415                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            740     48.02%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           402     26.09%     74.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          399     25.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3295      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       230091     77.08%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41777     13.99%     92.18% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23344      7.82%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        298517                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.340501                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1541                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1055612                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       449250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       284571                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           58                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           76                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           17                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        296734                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             29                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5078                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18081                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          120                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          170                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9641                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           26                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20509                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          92277                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       338099                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5265                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47743                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27507                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1359                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           527                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           47                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          170                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1480                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6575                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8055                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       289878                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39643                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61930                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29816                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22287                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.330647                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                285381                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               284588                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           187350                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           297768                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.324613                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.629181                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       120767                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       433995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.430682                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       359343     82.80%     82.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27700      6.38%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13770      3.17%     92.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11772      2.71%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6852      1.58%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3474      0.80%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1976      0.46%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2813      0.65%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6295      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       433995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       118074                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        217241                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47490                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29630                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             24090                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           215274                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6295                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              765565                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             696759                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2717                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 422285                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             118074                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               217241                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       118074                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.425005                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.425005                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.134680                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.134680                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          561672                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         310823                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               26                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         127114                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.986712                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2986711693605                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               10585774847115                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56786                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    98953                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               56171969                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5295836                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 53170.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3019349384                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    5261437451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1813120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6938240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1359616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     94663680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    468287168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           573074624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     94663680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       94663680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    259603008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        259603008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        28330                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               200                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       108410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1479120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7316987                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              8954291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        4056297                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             4056297                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       607062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                4286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2323036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       455222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     31694951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    156790215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              191874772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     31694951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          31694951                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         86919340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              86919340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         86919340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       607062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               4286                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2323036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       455222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     31694951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    156790215                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             278794111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    29136                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.986816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    29152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.004356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.864462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.122354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.991529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.007647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            20                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               20                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 69                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             69                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                69                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          426                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          152                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             578                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28480                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          257                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          28737                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            29315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28906                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          409                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           29315                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     17875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      7127670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     25002670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5087417440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     20052000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5107469440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5105292440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     27179670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5132472110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5105292440                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     27179670                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5132472110                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          277                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28757                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          29384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         29384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.756219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.921850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.927798                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999305                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.997652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.997652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41960.093897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 46892.565789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43257.214533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178631.230337                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 78023.346304                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177731.476494                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176617.049747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66453.960880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175080.065154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176617.049747                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 66453.960880                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175080.065154                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     33318900                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                3232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10309.065594                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          28648                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               28648                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        28737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        29315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        28906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        29315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     12580000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      5242700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17822700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4744282868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     16899000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4761181868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4756862868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22141700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4779004568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4756862868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     22141700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4779004568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.756219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.921850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.927798                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999305                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.855649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.997652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29530.516432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 34491.447368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30835.121107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166582.965871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 65754.863813                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165681.242579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164563.165710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54136.185819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163022.499335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164563.165710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54136.185819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163022.499335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          445                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1822720                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          445                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      29679591                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4014.234250                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       127071244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      29683629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          4.280853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7627432622600                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          993.019058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.004727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.002151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   144.637535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    46.784428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    917.491802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1912.294548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.242436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.035312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.011422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.223997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.466869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.980038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46269511                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3855272                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18322912                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     33730962                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total              102178657                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        30391695                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             30391695                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1496030                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1496030                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8640714                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              8640714                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46269511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3855272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18322912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     42371676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total               110819371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46269511                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3855272                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     18322912                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     42371676                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total              110819371                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       655385                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       219546                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6868692                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16426958                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             24170581                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10744                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             10744                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5432549                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5432549                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       655385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       219546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6868692                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     21859507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              29603130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       655385                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       219546                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6868692                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     21859507                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             29603130                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22986278414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6577498033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 269016621645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 703828370023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1002408768115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255428143                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    255428143                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 366653792159                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 366653792159                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22986278414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6577498033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 269016621645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1070482162182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1369062560274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  22986278414                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   6577498033                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 269016621645                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1070482162182                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1369062560274                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46924896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4074818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     25191604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     50157920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          126349238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     30391695                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         30391695                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1506774                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1506774                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14073263                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         14073263                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46924896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4074818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     25191604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     64231183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           140422501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46924896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4074818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     25191604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     64231183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          140422501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013967                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.272658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.191300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007130                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.007130                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.386019                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.386019                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.272658                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.210815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.272658                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.210815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35072.939439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29959.543936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39165.625951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42845.934714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41472.266145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23774.026713                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23774.026713                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67492.035904                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67492.035904                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35072.939439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29959.543936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39165.625951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48971.011203                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46247.223191                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 35072.939439                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 29959.543936                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 39165.625951                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48971.011203                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46247.223191                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            11013906                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 11013906                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           64                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           73                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           73                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           64                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           73                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       655334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       219482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6868679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16426885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24170380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10744                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        10744                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5432549                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5432549                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       655334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       219482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6868679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21859434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         29602929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       655334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       219482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      6868679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21859434                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        29602929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19419866080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5362195264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 230145269729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 611977926646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 866905257719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    871960631                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    871960631                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 336259515028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 336259515028                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19419866080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5362195264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 230145269729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 948237441674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1203164772747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  19419866080                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   5362195264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 230145269729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 948237441674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1203164772747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    172555956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    172555956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    399485339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    399485339                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    572041295                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    572041295                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.272657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.327503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007130                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007130                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.386019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.386019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.272657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.210813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.053863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.272657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.340324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29633.539661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24431.139064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33506.482066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37254.654589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35866.430636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81157.914278                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81157.914278                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61897.189520                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61897.189520                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29633.539661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24431.139064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33506.482066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43378.865238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40643.436761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 29633.539661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24431.139064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 33506.482066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43378.865238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40643.436761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       8900510                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32225.645519                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        26255388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       8932683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          2.939250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7627565097119                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11092.817993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.071990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.035779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.005167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.000559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   521.604556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   129.197175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6346.314739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  14135.597561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.338526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.193674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.431384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.983449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       546924                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       198238                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5389558                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12229635                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               18364355                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11013906                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             11013906                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1851                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1851                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2312107                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              2312107                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       546924                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       198238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5389558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     14541742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                20676462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       546924                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       198238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      5389558                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     14541742                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               20676462                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       108410                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21244                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1479121                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4197251                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              5806026                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9053                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              9053                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3120282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            3120282                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       108410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1479121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7317533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               8926308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       108410                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21244                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1479121                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7317533                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              8926308                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10107641844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2010752675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 138205676516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 392859714204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   543183785239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70148758                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     70148758                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 289646534944                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 289646534944                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10107641844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2010752675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 138205676516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 682506249148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    832830320183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  10107641844                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2010752675                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 138205676516                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 682506249148                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   832830320183                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       655334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       219482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6868679                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16426886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           24170381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11013906                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         11013906                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10904                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           10904                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5432389                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5432389                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       655334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       219482                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6868679                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21859275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            29602770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       655334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       219482                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      6868679                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21859275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           29602770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.165427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.215343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.255511                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.240212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830246                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.830246                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.574385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.574385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.165427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.215343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.334756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.301536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.165427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.215343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.334756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.301536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93235.327405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94650.380107                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93437.708285                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93599.290155                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93555.176163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7748.675356                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7748.675356                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92827.037731                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92827.037731                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93235.327405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94650.380107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93437.708285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93269.992653                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93300.647948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93235.327405                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94650.380107                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93437.708285                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93269.992653                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93300.647948                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             4027649                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  4027649                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       108410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1479121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4197251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5806026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         9053                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         9053                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3120282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       3120282                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       108410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1479121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7317533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          8926308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       108410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        21244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1479121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7317533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         8926308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8587066714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1713679181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117348761425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 333743245889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 461392753209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    706441130                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    706441130                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 244943109108                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 244943109108                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8587066714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1713679181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117348761425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 578686354997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 706335862317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   8587066714                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1713679181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 117348761425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 578686354997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 706335862317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    153877814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    153877814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    351716480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    351716480                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    505594294                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    505594294                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.165427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.215343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.255511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.240212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.830246                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830246                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.574385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.165427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.215343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.334756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.301536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.165427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.096792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.215343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.334756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79209.175482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80666.502589                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.823306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79514.721871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79467.910273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78033.925770                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78033.925770                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78500.311545                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78500.311545                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79209.175482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80666.502589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.823306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79082.165396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79129.676269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79209.175482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80666.502589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.823306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79082.165396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79129.676269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         2622                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6408                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         45                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         66                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    66                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   24187                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       111                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        9030                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            37                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     7023                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    17164                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             15                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             22                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  39                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              25191737                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.998462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               736122159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              25192249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 29.220184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.998462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    736116330                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      736116330                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    736116330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       736116330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    736116330                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      736116330                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     27103983                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     27103983                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     27103983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      27103983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     27103983                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     27103983                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 643681727715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 643681727715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 643681727715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 643681727715                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 643681727715                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 643681727715                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    763220313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    763220313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    763220313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    763220313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    763220313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    763220313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035513                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23748.602842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23748.602842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23748.602842                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23748.602842                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23748.602842                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23748.602842                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     16509719                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            404                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40865.641089                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1912128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1912128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1912128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1912128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1912128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1912128                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25191855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     25191855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25191855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     25191855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25191855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     25191855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 493599298510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 493599298510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 493599298510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 493599298510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 493599298510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 493599298510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19593.606684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19593.606684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19593.606684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19593.606684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19593.606684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19593.606684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4075146                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      13856526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4075162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.400239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13856324                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     13856324                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13856324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     13856324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     13856324                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     13856324                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4075357                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4075357                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4075357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4075357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4075357                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4075357                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64728102896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  64728102896                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64728102896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  64728102896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  64728102896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  64728102896                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17931681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17931681                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17931681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     17931681                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     17931681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     17931681                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.227271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.227271                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.227271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15882.805579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15882.805579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15882.805579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15882.805579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15882.805579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15882.805579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         6352                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         6352                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4075357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4075357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4075357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4075357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4075357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4075357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  51896376402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51896376402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  51896376402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51896376402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  51896376402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51896376402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.227271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.227271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12734.191484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12734.191484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12734.191484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12734.191484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 12734.191484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12734.191484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     46937076                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      92120312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     46937092                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.962634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     92119743                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     92119743                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     92119743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     92119743                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     92119743                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     92119743                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46947741                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     46947741                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46947741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     46947741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46947741                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     46947741                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 592270434928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 592270434928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 592270434928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 592270434928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 592270434928                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 592270434928                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    139067484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    139067484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    139067484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    139067484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    139067484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    139067484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.337590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.337590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.337590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12615.525738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12615.525738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12615.525738                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12615.525738                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12615.525738                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12615.525738                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        45850                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        45850                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46947741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     46947741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46947741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     46947741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     46947741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     46947741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 445830973535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 445830973535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 445830973535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 445830973535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 445830973535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 445830973535                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.337590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9496.324297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9496.324297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9496.324297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9496.324297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9496.324297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9496.324297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              64230926                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1489601994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              64231438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 23.191167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1095688263                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1095688263                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    392150051                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     392150051                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1487838314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1487838314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1487838314                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1487838314                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     78750952                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     78750952                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     15623802                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     15623802                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     94374754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      94374754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     94374754                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     94374754                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2324323360224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2324323360224                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 563365384820                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 563365384820                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2887688745044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2887688745044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2887688745044                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2887688745044                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1174439215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1174439215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    407773853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    407773853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1582213068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1582213068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1582213068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1582213068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.067054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038315                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038315                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.059647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.059647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29514.860471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29514.860471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36058.149279                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36058.149279                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30598.106195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30598.106195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30598.106195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30598.106195                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     30339493                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         30339493                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     28576524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     28576524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        71866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        71866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     28648390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     28648390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     28648390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     28648390                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50174428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     50174428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15551936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15551936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     65726364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     65726364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     65726364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     65726364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1115833172187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1115833172187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 504306472261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 504306472261                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1620139644448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1620139644448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1620139644448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1620139644448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    180009208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    180009208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    417894541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    417894541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    597903749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    597903749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038139                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038139                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22239.081075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22239.081075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32427.247145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32427.247145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24649.768310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24649.768310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24649.768310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24649.768310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              8969104185                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       889345297                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    889345297                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     95570590                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    644763448                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       521305344                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2945560167                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            4923227483                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          889345297                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    521305344                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1460209951                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      506784093                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         128277636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2793591683                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       118875                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2936717                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         5631                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        763220665                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     47659740                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1923516                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   7739586571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.117034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.559122                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      6303768241     81.45%     81.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        89011379      1.15%     82.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        86364828      1.12%     83.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       132276676      1.71%     85.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        99621435      1.29%     86.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       119741119      1.55%     88.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        90382816      1.17%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7       100035396      1.29%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       718384681      9.28%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   7739586571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.099157                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.548910                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      3051754500                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2876332858                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1346369950                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     56243352                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     408885911                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    8442088410                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         3883                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     408885911                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3174820158                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     2310565772                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     70100260                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1269179205                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    506035265                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    8207433255                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      4567630                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      87532199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    389499392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2634365                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   9183431393                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  20700807248                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  20630831003                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     69976245                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5920521393                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3262909968                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      4145514                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      4144124                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1101952203                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1596457464                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    643893108                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    103405066                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     69807909                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        7845600828                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      7450786                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6850319102                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     15528774                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2525804958                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3779531901                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3010656                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   7739586571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.885101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.505517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   4952128256     63.98%     63.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1   1008172136     13.03%     77.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    700490464      9.05%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    431002674      5.57%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    299067416      3.86%     95.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    194171717      2.51%     98.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    108336076      1.40%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     38729345      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7488487      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   7739586571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9499735     29.22%     29.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     29.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     29.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        50685      0.16%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     29.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      13653759     42.00%     71.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      9308594     28.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     46172611      0.67%      0.67% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   4909236137     71.66%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     10920903      0.16%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1354949747     19.78%     92.28% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    529039704      7.72%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6850319102                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.763768                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           32512773                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  21482970120                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes  10343344892                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6627147318                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     42259948                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     36750091                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     19477357                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6815608914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       21050350                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    145325273                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    541009756                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1168008                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1296380                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    236125370                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       327760                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          961                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     408885911                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1634743518                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     35288012                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   7853051614                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     45028031                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1596457464                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    643893141                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      6845677                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      13630197                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      4296038                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1296380                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     65788507                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     37086549                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts    102875056                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6740813805                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1320121686                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    109505295                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1839306319                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       646589606                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         519184633                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.751559                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6666895407                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6646624675                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4656746804                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       7229154083                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.741058                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.644162                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2631652052                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      4440130                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     95886447                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   7331593265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.712686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.767104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   5711352357     77.90%     77.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    557424075      7.60%     85.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    252658487      3.45%     88.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    305961947      4.17%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    113659851      1.55%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     66592689      0.91%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     50145077      0.68%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     34366876      0.47%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    239431906      3.27%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   7331593265                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2999759733                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    5225123581                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1463215509                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads           1055447722                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             240912                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         548249806                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          15265943                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       5193750636                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    239431906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         14947874870                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        16124126747                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               25325713                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1229517614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2999759733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           5225123581                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2999759733                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.989941                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.989941                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.334455                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.334455                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     13092678656                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     7383343667                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18611355                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        14361297                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3251424013                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       3946252                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            8888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       554112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       225800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       194688536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        32855571                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          228335307                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    194688536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     194688536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         5102                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     24011345                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        25249343                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        69264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        28225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         24336067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          5166883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            29601015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             212                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3236647                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3256123                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               2976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       185526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        75602                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           65184911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data           11000583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              76450401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      65184911                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         65184911                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       412794                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1708                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           8039392                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              8453894                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       413597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              4684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       185526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        75602                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          65184911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          19039975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             84904295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6408                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        2622                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        66                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        45                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   44                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  24187                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      111                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       9030                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           37                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   17164                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    7023                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            22                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            15                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 48                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     8967684256                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  18513983                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    34407246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            34269839                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                30625                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2767404                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   34269839                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       30625                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          89509848                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         39270551                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              45815                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             18806                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     8425372                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   5181652                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3243720                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             8927452546.003384                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             40231709.996617                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.004486                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.995514                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
