
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  61254                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   109220                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               33385111                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490696                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535805                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        955385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        77824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       135936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        81152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              301696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       135936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         136000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            76864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2124                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4714                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    465483220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    277887346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1033092232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    465483220                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         465702374                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             263204024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        263204024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    266491335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14902476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    465483220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    277887346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1296296256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1220                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.731514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598613482000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.731514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.545720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.545720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              20                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1216                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1236                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       830000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       830000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    217587848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    217587848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    218417848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    218417848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    218417848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    218417848                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        41500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        41500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 178937.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178937.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176713.469256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176713.469256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 176713.469256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176713.469256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1032200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  98                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10532.653061                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1201                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       576700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    202946184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202946184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    203522884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    203522884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    203522884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    203522884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide        28835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        28835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 166896.532895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166896.532895                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164662.527508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164662.527508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164662.527508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164662.527508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           19                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        77824                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           19                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          2059                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1430.367879                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                             590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          2059                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.286547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           67.678105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        5.407892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.823632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.563595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.735647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    24.713011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     7.627645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    937.782438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    384.035913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.033046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.002641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.457902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.187518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.698422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          221                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   3890                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             538                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  538                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   64                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    3954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2426                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1164                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          285                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   3954                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3778                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4097                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8008018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2913036                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232941679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105704963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      349567696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32762191                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32762191                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8008018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2913036                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232941679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138467154                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       382329887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8008018                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2913036                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    232941679                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    138467154                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      382329887                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          538                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              538                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          382                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              383                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.690261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.826938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.492697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.832898                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.690261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.508881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.690261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.508881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93116.488372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97101.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89800.184657                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100099.396780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92527.182636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103025.757862                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102702.793103                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93116.488372                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97101.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89800.184657                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100776.676856                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93319.474494                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93116.488372                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 97101.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 89800.184657                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100776.676856                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93319.474494                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 111                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      111                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           318                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7537605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2748280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218543131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     99916119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    328745135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30998010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30998010                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7537605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2748280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218543131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130914129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359743145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7537605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2748280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    218543131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    130914129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359743145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3190257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3190257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7065629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7065629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10255886                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10255886                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.690261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.826938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.832461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.690261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.507266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.275229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.690261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.507266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87646.569767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91609.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84249.472244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94617.536932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87292.919543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97478.018868                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97478.018868                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87646.569767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91609.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84249.472244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95279.569869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88085.980656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 87646.569767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 91609.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 84249.472244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95279.569869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88085.980656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1800.931300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            8.513345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.637232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.114605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1202.249297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    537.416957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           99                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    592                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             111                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  111                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          470                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          104                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    597                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2124                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3186                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                313                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2124                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2124                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1269                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3499                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7009492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2588380                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203755856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     94860070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      308213798                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29773574                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29773574                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7009492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2588380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203755856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124633644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       337987372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7009492                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2588380                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    203755856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    124633644                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      337987372                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           86                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818813                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.906250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.843303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984227                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.984277                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.924253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.854248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.833333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.924253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.854248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103080.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103535.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95930.252354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99122.330199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96740.049592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95428.121795                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95123.239617                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103080.764706                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103535.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95930.252354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98214.061466                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96595.419263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103080.764706                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 103535.200000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95930.252354                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98214.061466                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96595.419263                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           68                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6065296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2241258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173923342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     81497652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    263727548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25337828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25337828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6065296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2241258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173923342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106835480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    289065376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6065296                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2241258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    173923342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    106835480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    289065376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2840651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2840651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6324270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6324270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9164921                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9164921                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818813                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.906250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.984227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.981132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.924253                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.851074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.790698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.833333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.818813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.924253                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.851074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89195.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 89650.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81884.812618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 85159.510972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83089.964713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81210.987179                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81210.987179                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89195.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 89650.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81884.812618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84188.715524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82921.794607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89195.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 89650.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81884.812618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84188.715524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82921.794607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3247                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               445.733113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   21796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3247                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.712658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          7598616681300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   445.435173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.869991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.870572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25711                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25720                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25711                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25720                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4489                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4490                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4489                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4490                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319282004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319282004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319282004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    319282004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    319282004                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    319282004                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30200                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148626                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.148642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71125.418579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71109.577728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71125.418579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71109.577728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 71125.418579                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71109.577728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          731                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249675056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    249675056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249675056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    249675056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    249675056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    249675056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.124437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66438.279936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66438.279936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66438.279936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66438.279936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66438.279936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66438.279936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           96                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.007868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           241                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           96                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        2.510417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598749124300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    10.873360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.679585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.687992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          388                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          388                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          388                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4132665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4132665                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4132665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4132665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4132665                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4132665                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.224000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.224000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.224000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37914.357798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36898.794643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37914.357798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36898.794643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 37914.357798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36898.794643                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3776948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3776948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3776948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3776948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3776948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3776948                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.219316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.218000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34650.899083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34650.899083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34650.899083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34650.899083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 34650.899083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34650.899083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2503                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.917786                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.285657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598618735300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.816758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.101027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.881314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.932362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          790                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          790                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          790                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2513                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2520                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2520                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2513                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2520                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34754962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34754962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34754962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34754962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34754962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34754962                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.761329                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.761329                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.761329                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13830.068444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13791.651587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13830.068444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13791.651587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13830.068444                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13791.651587                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26969697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26969697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26969697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     26969697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     26969697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     26969697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.760823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10732.072025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10732.072025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10732.072025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10732.072025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10732.072025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10732.072025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1149                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               425.175873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   25735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1149                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.397737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          7598701585300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.501380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   424.674493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.829442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.830422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31681                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31681                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17344                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17345                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        49025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           49026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        49025                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          49026                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2382                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2383                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          402                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          403                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2784                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2784                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2786                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    214805230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214805230                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36711237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36711237                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251516467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    251516467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    251516467                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    251516467                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17748                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51809                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51809                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.069957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022653                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022707                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.053771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.053736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.053771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90178.518052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90140.675619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91321.485075                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91094.880893                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90343.558549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 90278.703159                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90343.558549                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 90278.703159                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          538                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              538                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1115                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    111403280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111403280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34296174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34296174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145699454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145699454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    145699454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145699454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3329249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3329249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7332862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7332862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10662111                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10662111                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022089                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022087                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87238.277212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87238.277212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87490.239796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87490.239796                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87297.455962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87297.455962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87297.455962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87297.455962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876943                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           43911                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        43911                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6825                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        31929                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17692                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       196373                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                210966                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              43911                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17692                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62305                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27237                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4556                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163639                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          282                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          341                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30200                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4068                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             65                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       447636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.875808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.349757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          386653     86.38%     86.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2731      0.61%     86.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2486      0.56%     87.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3316      0.74%     88.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5033      1.12%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3660      0.82%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5676      1.27%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2744      0.61%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35337      7.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       447636                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050073                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240570                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          194481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174367                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56434                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2211                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20140                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        376505                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20140                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          199593                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         108975                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        51942                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53529                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13454                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        357909                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          162                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       394951                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       894701                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       894535                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          166                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       242884                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152067                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1082                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1078                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36372                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47106                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27289                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3024                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1385                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            332488                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1800                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           295375                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1705                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       109512                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       164110                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          909                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       447636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.659855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.432628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       338164     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36433      8.14%     83.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23301      5.21%     88.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17877      3.99%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12910      2.88%     95.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9809      2.19%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6459      1.44%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2194      0.49%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          489      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       447636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            721     48.20%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     48.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           393     26.27%     74.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          382     25.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3258      1.10%      1.10% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       227574     77.05%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41301     13.98%     92.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23232      7.87%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        295375                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.336823                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1496                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005065                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1042573                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       443878                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       281564                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           62                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           19                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        293582                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             31                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5035                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17639                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          144                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          166                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9495                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           25                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20140                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          93433                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1014                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       334288                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47106                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27289                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1395                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           548                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           46                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          166                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1463                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6481                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7944                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       286688                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39177                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29417                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22163                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.326917                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                282328                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               281583                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           185265                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           294813                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321096                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628415                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       118763                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6867                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       427585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504106                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.434347                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       353507     82.68%     82.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27454      6.42%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13681      3.20%     92.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11654      2.73%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6850      1.60%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3446      0.81%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2022      0.47%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2760      0.65%     98.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6211      1.45%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       427585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       117128                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47261                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29467                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23875                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213639                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6211                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              755542                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             688900                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2566                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 429307                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             117128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215548                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       117128                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.487048                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.487048                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133564                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133564                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          556784                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         307779                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               28                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         125568                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.145909                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2145908766177                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               9744971919687                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20891                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36386                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22326511                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5006352                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 96114.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2007924222                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3497187890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      1479168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet             3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4186880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       811840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     62204992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    313053632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           381740224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     62204992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       62204992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    175725056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        175725056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        23112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet                58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst       971953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      4891463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              5964691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        2745704                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             2745704                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       689297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                1730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1951099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       378320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     28987715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    145883943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              177892103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     28987715                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          28987715                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         81888410                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              81888410                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         81888410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       689297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               1730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1951099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       378320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     28987715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    145883943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             259780513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    23591                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.999573                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                         32                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    23607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide    15.994833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         0.004740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.999677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.000296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.999973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                12                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                5                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total             400                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23168                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          23239                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            23639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23526                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          113                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           23639                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     15233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet      2031428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17264428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4150124104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet      5595000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4155719104                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4165357104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet      7626428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4172983532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4165357104                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet      7626428                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4172983532                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet           54                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total           412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23168                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet           76                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        23244                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          23656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         23656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.970874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 42550.279330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 48367.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43161.070000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 179131.737914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 78802.816901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178825.212100                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177053.349656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67490.513274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176529.613435                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 177053.349656                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67490.513274                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176529.613435                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     27462000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                2622                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10473.684211                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          23216                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               23216                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        23639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        23526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     10782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      1511400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12293400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3870947796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      4725000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3875672796                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3881729796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6236400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3887966196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3881729796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      6236400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3887966196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.970874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.934211                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999785                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.869231                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30117.318436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 35985.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30733.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 167081.655559                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 66549.295775                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166774.508197                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164997.440959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55189.380531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164472.532510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 164997.440959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 55189.380531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164472.532510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          362                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1482752                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          362                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      33106403                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2005.663366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        71508505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      33108409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.159829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  7603621575700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          463.460743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.001171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    96.076172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    31.151065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    442.986772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    971.987427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.226299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.046912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.015210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.216302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.474603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.979328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29481749                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2063630                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7079233                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12611439                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               51236051                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        26158966                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             26158966                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1720522                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1720522                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     12493745                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             12493745                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29481749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2063630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7079233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     25105184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                63729796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29481749                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2063630                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7079233                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     25105184                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               63729796                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       988911                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       381873                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8190041                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     17655827                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             27216652                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10964                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             10964                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      5633517                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            5633517                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       988911                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       381873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8190041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23289344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              32850169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       988911                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       381873                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8190041                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23289344                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             32850169                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  27161596507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9562321040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 258046632623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 618412376878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   913182927048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    102400569                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    102400569                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 292337714781                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 292337714781                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  27161596507                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9562321040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 258046632623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 910750091659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1205520641829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  27161596507                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   9562321040                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 258046632623                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 910750091659                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1205520641829                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30470660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2445503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15269274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     30267266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           78452703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     26158966                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         26158966                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1731486                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1731486                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18127262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         18127262                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30470660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2445503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15269274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48394528                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            96579965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30470660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2445503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     15269274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48394528                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           96579965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.536374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.346918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006332                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.006332                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.310776                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.310776                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.536374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.481239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.340134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.536374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.481239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.340134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27466.168853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25040.579041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31507.367622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 35025.964905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33552.360777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9339.708957                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9339.708957                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51892.577014                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51892.577014                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27466.168853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25040.579041                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31507.367622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39105.871409                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36697.547639                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27466.168853                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25040.579041                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31507.367622                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39105.871409                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36697.547639                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            11590799                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 11590799                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               679                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       988599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       381561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8190034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     17655779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27215973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        10964                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        10964                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5633517                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       5633517                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       988599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       381561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8190034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23289296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         32849490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       988599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       381561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      8190034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23289296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        32849490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21803456781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7442735537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 211668936190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 519581215187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 760496343695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    767026226                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    767026226                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 261139049459                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 261139049459                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21803456781                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7442735537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 211668936190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 780720264646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1021635393154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  21803456781                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   7442735537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 211668936190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 780720264646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1021635393154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     98207152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     98207152                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    229915158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    229915158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    328122310                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    328122310                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.536374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.583329                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.310776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.536374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.481238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.340127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.032444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.156026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.536374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.481238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22054.904750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19506.017483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25844.695662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29428.393683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27943.015070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69958.612368                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69958.612368                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46354.532960                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46354.532960                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22054.904750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19506.017483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25844.695662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33522.707799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31100.494807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22054.904750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19506.017483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25844.695662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33522.707799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31100.494807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       5915146                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32397.464739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        32866903                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       5947739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          5.525949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7627971332300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11712.539996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.094198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.197860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.008434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   505.548382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   133.407812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   6517.350791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  13528.317267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.357438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.198894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.412851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.988692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       923179                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       368876                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7218080                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14901148                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               23411283                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        11590799                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             11590799                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3489                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                3489                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3496414                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              3496414                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       923179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       368876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7218080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     18397562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                26907697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       923179                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       368876                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      7218080                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     18397562                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               26907697                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65420                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12685                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       971954                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2754631                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              3804690                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7511                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7511                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2137067                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2137067                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       971954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      4891698                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               5941757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65420                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12685                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       971954                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      4891698                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              5941757                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6102484301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1201888022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90823935028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 257729202021                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   355857509372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     63030850                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     63030850                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 198411352591                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 198411352591                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6102484301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1201888022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90823935028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 456140554612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    554268861963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   6102484301                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1201888022                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  90823935028                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 456140554612                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   554268861963                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       988599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       381561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8190034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     17655779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           27215973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     11590799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         11590799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11000                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           11000                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5633481                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          5633481                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       988599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       381561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8190034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     23289260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            32849454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       988599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       381561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      8190034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     23289260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           32849454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.066174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033245                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118675                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.156019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.139796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.682818                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.682818                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.379351                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.379351                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.066174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.210041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.180878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.066174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.210041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.180878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93281.631015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94748.760110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93444.684654                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93562.151163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93531.275708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8391.805352                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8391.805352                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92842.832064                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92842.832064                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93281.631015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94748.760110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93444.684654                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93247.897685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93283.663732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93281.631015                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94748.760110                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93444.684654                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93247.897685                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93283.663732                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             2722488                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  2722488                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       971954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2754631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3804690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7511                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7511                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2137067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2137067                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       971954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4891698                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          5941757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        65420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        12685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       971954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4891698                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         5941757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5184721481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1024545036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  77116441392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 218912884743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 302238592652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    588173230                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    588173230                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 167768803265                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 167768803265                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5184721481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1024545036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  77116441392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 386681688008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 470007395917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5184721481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1024545036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  77116441392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 386681688008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 470007395917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     87693394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     87693394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    201649851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    201649851                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    289343245                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    289343245                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.066174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118675                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.156019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.682818                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.682818                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.379351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.066174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.210041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.180878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.066174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.118675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.210041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79252.850520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80768.233031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79341.657519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79470.856439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79438.428006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78308.245240                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78308.245240                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78504.231858                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78504.231858                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79252.850520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80768.233031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79341.657519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79048.561053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79102.426423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79252.850520                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80768.233031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79341.657519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79048.561053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79102.426423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                          696                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         1752                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         12                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         18                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                    9126                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                        30                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                        2448                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     2595                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     6531                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                              6                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              8                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  13                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              15269388                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999834                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               482984979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              15269900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 31.629872                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    482977131                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      482977131                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    482977131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       482977131                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    482977131                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      482977131                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16633429                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     16633429                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16633429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      16633429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     16633429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     16633429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 459968925929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 459968925929                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 459968925929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 459968925929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 459968925929                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 459968925929                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    499610560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    499610560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    499610560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    499610560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    499610560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    499610560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.033293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.033293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.033293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27653.283393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27653.283393                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27653.283393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27653.283393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 27653.283393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27653.283393                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      9220539                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            230                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40089.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1363942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1363942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1363942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1363942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1363942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1363942                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15269487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15269487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15269487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     15269487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     15269487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     15269487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 360810470186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 360810470186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 360810470186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 360810470186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 360810470186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 360810470186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030563                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.030563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030563                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23629.508325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23629.508325                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23629.508325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23629.508325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 23629.508325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23629.508325                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      2445679                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       8639287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      2445695                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.532447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.999715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8639089                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      8639089                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8639089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      8639089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8639089                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      8639089                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2445887                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      2445887                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2445887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      2445887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2445887                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      2445887                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40000338366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40000338366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40000338366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  40000338366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  40000338366                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  40000338366                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11084976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11084976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11084976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     11084976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     11084976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     11084976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.220649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.220649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.220649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16354.123623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16354.123623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16354.123623                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16354.123623                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16354.123623                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16354.123623                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2911                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2911                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2445887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2445887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2445887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2445887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2445887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2445887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32186840969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32186840969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32186840969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32186840969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  32186840969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32186840969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.220649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13159.578087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13159.578087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13159.578087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13159.578087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13159.578087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13159.578087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     30479191                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      59556878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     30479207                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.954017                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.998707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59556392                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     59556392                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59556392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     59556392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     59556392                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     59556392                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30488120                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     30488120                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30488120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     30488120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30488120                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     30488120                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 383678341611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 383678341611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 383678341611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 383678341611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 383678341611                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 383678341611                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90044512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     90044512                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90044512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     90044512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     90044512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     90044512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.338589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.338589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.338589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12584.519531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12584.519531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12584.519531                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12584.519531                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12584.519531                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12584.519531                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        44990                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        44990                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30488120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30488120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30488120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     30488120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     30488120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     30488120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 288145107168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 288145107168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 288145107168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 288145107168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 288145107168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 288145107168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.338589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.338589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9451.061829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9451.061829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9451.061829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9451.061829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9451.061829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9451.061829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              48394643                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999929                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               974474633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              48395155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 20.135789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    723980191                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      723980191                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    248497636                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     248497636                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    972477827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       972477827                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    972477827                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      972477827                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     48339127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     48339127                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     19881406                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     19881406                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     68220533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      68220533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     68220533                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     68220533                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1636899879987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1636899879987                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 559004751982                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 559004751982                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2195904631969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2195904631969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2195904631969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2195904631969                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    772319318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    772319318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    268379042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    268379042                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1040698360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1040698360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1040698360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1040698360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.062590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.074080                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.065553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.065553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 33862.834966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33862.834966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28116.962753                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28116.962753                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32188.324180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32188.324180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32188.324180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32188.324180                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     26111065                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         26111065                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18067133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     18067133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        38344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        38344                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18105477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     18105477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18105477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     18105477                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     30271994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     30271994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     19843062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     19843062                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50115056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     50115056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     50115056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     50115056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 815592678318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 815592678318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 483614565956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 483614565956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1299207244274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1299207244274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1299207244274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1299207244274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    102386407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    102386407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    240328985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    240328985                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    342715392                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    342715392                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.073937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.073937                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26942.152483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26942.152483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24371.972731                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24371.972731                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25924.489524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25924.489524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25924.489524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25924.489524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              6444170469                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       588123485                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    588123485                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     63029294                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    424646683                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       342037783                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1959914851                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            3238330009                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          588123485                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    342037783                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            959001602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      325941885                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          81904203                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2221938189                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        88974                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1767704                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2670                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        499610771                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     30568479                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1139168                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   5486215411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.036022                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.483469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      4543358735     82.81%     82.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        59201468      1.08%     83.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        57605770      1.05%     84.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        84431220      1.54%     86.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        64838276      1.18%     87.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        78142323      1.42%     89.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        58822121      1.07%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        65385663      1.19%     91.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       474429835      8.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   5486215411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.091264                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.502521                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2024288350                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2279503701                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        880440571                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     40385571                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     261597218                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    5548812769                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         2215                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     261597218                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      2111439157                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     1858044844                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     41931753                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        825941732                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    387260707                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    5389948326                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      3033492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      57140551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    311549856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      1804425                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   6041805962                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  13575538620                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  13530198906                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     45339714                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   3951636461                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      2090169560                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2117376                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2105637                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        804908893                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1047314590                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    408771467                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     65663088                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     40649918                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        5155670223                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3882511                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       4530082042                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      9701487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1609312393                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   2378227026                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1593484                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   5486215411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.825721                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.462950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3613812708     65.87%     65.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    704446561     12.84%     78.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    464740466      8.47%     87.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    281813051      5.14%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    193174671      3.52%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    126668673      2.31%     98.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     71144517      1.30%     99.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     25511867      0.47%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4902897      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   5486215411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        6312012     32.09%     32.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     32.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     32.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        23756      0.12%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     32.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       8638005     43.91%     76.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      4698170     23.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     31542105      0.70%      0.70% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   3252577467     71.80%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.50% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      7137794      0.16%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.65% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    895595799     19.77%     92.42% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    343228877      7.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    4530082042                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.702974                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           19671943                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004343                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  14572083495                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   6746061251                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   4386004747                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27603604                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     23559931                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12842012                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    4504446606                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       13765274                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    100750246                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    346032266                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       863011                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       792869                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    140395746                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       231311                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          949                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     261597218                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1329257034                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     27588665                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   5159552734                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30756846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1047314590                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    408771479                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3460648                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       8805481                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2932385                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       792869                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     43000145                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     24594299                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     67594444                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   4460067006                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    873406352                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     70015034                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1210425008                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       430251909                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         337018656                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.692109                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            4412314151                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           4398846759                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       3061799151                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       4732671451                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.682609                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.646949                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   1679627134                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2289027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     63231170                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   5225043675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.666422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.705942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   4123299877     78.91%     78.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    394176280      7.54%     86.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    168914992      3.23%     89.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    205925937      3.94%     93.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     76320258      1.46%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44865175      0.86%     95.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     33313979      0.64%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23007442      0.44%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    155219735      2.97%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   5225043675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   1999763192                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    3482084830                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             969658064                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            701282330                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             185792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         365974747                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          10269858                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       3460207538                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    155219735                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         10230971116                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        10586073971                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               18253136                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              957955058                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         1999763192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           3482084830                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   1999763192                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.222467                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.222467                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.310321                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.310321                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      8677549588                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     4897316514                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         12174602                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9438070                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     2147588725                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2002245                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            2424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       175568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        78064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst        74571192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        12569992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total           87399648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst     74571192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total      74571192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1232896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         1368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data      9105986                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        10340250                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        21946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker         9758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst          9321399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          1955646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            11309125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19264                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet              57                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         1226061                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            1245382                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        81815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        36378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           34750402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            5857654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              40728501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      34750402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         34750402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       574533                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet               637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           4243417                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              4818588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       575655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              1767                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker        81815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        36378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          34750402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          10101072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             45547089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          301                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1232896                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          301                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        1752                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                         696                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        18                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        12                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    6                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   9126                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                       30                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                       2448                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           14                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    6531                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    2595                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             8                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                             6                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 15                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     6433577266                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                   7088819                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    13202959                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            13148396                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 9566                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1029221                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   13148396                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                        9566                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads          34104334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         15101261                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              14464                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              6091                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     3188946                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   1960063                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  1228883                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             6418163967.688535                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             15413298.311465                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.002396                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.997604                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
