
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000290                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   289864845                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5083214616747                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  61318                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   108846                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               34158376                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     8.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      520337                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        923652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        90112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       126400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        69184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              288896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst          192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       126400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         126592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            89088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4514                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       1545548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              662378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    436065298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    238676753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              996657597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         662378                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    436065298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         436727676                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             307343238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        307343238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    310875919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker      1545548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             662378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6623777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       883170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    436065298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    238676753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1304000835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1414                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    9.295693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5083046362000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.295693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.580981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.580981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              22                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1408                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1430                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       955000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    246345824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    246345824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247300824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    247300824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    247300824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    247300824                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43409.090909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 174961.522727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174961.522727                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172937.639161                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1767400                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 156                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 11329.487179                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1392                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       675600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    229380992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229380992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230056592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230056592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    230056592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230056592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30709.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162912.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162912.636364                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160878.735664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                            64                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1826.259897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                               7                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                            64                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.109375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           96.564437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.430305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.751283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1253.498015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    437.016000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.023575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.001709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.306030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.106693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.445864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2376                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           75                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1934                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          387                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4775                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             548                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  548                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   59                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           75                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4834                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2376                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           75                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1934                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          446                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4834                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          726                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 2750                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          357                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                360                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  3110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 3110                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3150059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205134816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     77006533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      285697094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     36644212                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     36644212                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3150059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205134816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113650745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       322341306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3150059                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       405686                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    205134816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    113650745                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      322341306                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2406                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1113                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               7525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          548                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              548                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          416                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              419                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                7944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               7944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.505497                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.652291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.365449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.858173                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.859189                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.505497                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.708306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.391490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.505497                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.708306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.391490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105001.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101421.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103760.655539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 106069.604683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103889.852364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102644.851541                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101789.477778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105001.966667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101421.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103760.655539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104940.669437                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103646.722186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 105001.966667                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 101421.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 103760.655539                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104940.669437                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103646.722186                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   3                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                        3                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          357                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           357                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             3094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1083                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            3094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2985959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194225572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     73050933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    270645750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34671312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34671312                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2985959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194225572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107722245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    305317062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2985959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       383286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    194225572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    107722245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    305317062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3818077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3818077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7504971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7504971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11323048                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11323048                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.505497                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.652291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.858173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.852029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.505497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.708306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.389476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.012469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.050633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.505497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.708306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99531.966667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95821.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98242.575620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100621.119835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98884.088418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97118.521008                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97118.521008                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99531.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95821.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98242.575620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99466.523546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98680.369101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 99531.966667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 95821.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 98242.575620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99466.523546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98680.369101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1746.068110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks            0.163662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        2.999921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        6.999978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              2.999959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    23.864645                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     2.751478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1261.338796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    444.949671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000728                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.038493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.013579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.053286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                      2                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks               3                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                    3                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                       2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                      2                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          726                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 2748                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          355                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                358                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1081                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3106                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2882881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187490374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     70495994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      261239335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     33289491                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33289491                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2882881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187490374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103785485                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       294528826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2882881                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       370086                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    187490374                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    103785485                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      294528826                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               2750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total                3                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          355                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              358                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                3108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               3108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.998988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.999273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.998988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.999356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.998988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.999356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96096.033333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94931.834937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97101.920110                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95065.260189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93773.214085                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92987.405028                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96096.033333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94931.834937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96008.774283                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94825.764971                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96096.033333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92521.500000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94931.834937                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96008.774283                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94825.764971                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           355                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1975                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2465616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159733384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     60396919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222909519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     28249529                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28249529                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2465616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159733384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88646448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251159048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      2465616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker       313600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    159733384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     88646448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251159048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3400800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6711600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10112400                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.998988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.998988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.994208                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.998988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994208                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82187.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80877.662785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 83191.348485                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81502.566362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79576.138028                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79576.138028                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82187.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80877.662785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82004.114709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81281.245307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 82187.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker        78400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80877.662785                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82004.114709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81281.245307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         14                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                27                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            8                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         7                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3402                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               458.302251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3402                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  5.170194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle          5083049575300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.297276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   458.004975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.894541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.895122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21167                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21184                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21167                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           21184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        21167                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          21184                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4554                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4557                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4554                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4557                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292749819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    292749819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292749819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    292749819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    292749819                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    292749819                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        25741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25721                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        25741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        25721                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        25741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.177033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.177033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.150000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.177054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.177033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64284.106061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64241.786043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64284.106061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64241.786043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 64284.106061                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64241.786043                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          643                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          643                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          643                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228707016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228707016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228707016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228707016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    228707016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228707016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.152055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58477.886985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58477.886985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58477.886985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58477.886985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 58477.886985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58477.886985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           75                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.087508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           75                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.786667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     1.339420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.748088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.083714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.546756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.630469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          414                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          414                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          414                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          414                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total           86                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1451252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1451252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1451252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      1451252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1451252                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      1451252                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.172000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160243                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.172000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.172000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18370.278481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16875.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18370.278481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16875.023256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18370.278481                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16875.023256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1201855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1201855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1201855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1201855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1201855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1201855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160243                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.160243                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.158000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15213.354430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15213.354430                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15213.354430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15213.354430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15213.354430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15213.354430                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2397                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.111543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.098039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     1.090637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.020907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.068165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.813807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.881971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          313                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          313                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          313                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          313                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2413                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2413                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31633048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     31633048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31633048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     31633048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     31633048                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     31633048                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         2726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         2726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.885180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.885180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.885180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13142.105526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13109.427269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13142.105526                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13109.427269                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13142.105526                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13109.427269                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24229066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24229066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24229066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24229066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     24229066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24229066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.884926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.882979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10066.084753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10066.084753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10066.084753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10066.084753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 10066.084753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10066.084753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1018                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               419.291849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   22287                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 21.892927                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5083128729300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      2.999929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   416.291921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.813070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.818929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27712                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          27713                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        16411                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         16415                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        44123                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           44128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        44123                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          44128                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          429                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          432                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          2365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         2362                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         2365                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    149932726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149932726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     40631557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     40631557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190564283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    190564283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    190564283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    190564283                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        29645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        29646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            7                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16840                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        46493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        46485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        46493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.065203                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.025643                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.050868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.050868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77564.783238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77564.783238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94712.254079                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94054.530093                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80679.205334                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 80576.863848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80679.205334                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 80576.863848                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          548                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              548                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data          832                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          832                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     84054207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84054207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     38035591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38035591                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122089798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    122089798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122089798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    122089798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3987584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3987584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7790554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7790554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     11778138                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     11778138                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024762                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024752                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.032914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75520.401617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75520.401617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91212.448441                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91212.448441                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79797.253595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79797.253595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79797.253595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79797.253595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  771752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           38243                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        38243                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6182                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        29151                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           15098                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       172303                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                185520                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              38243                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        15098                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                54248                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          24132                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              2227                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        169276                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           32                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          827                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            25721                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3788                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             27                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       416566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.821512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.286386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          363428     87.24%     87.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2510      0.60%     87.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            1954      0.47%     88.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            2860      0.69%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            3932      0.94%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3782      0.91%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5077      1.22%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2068      0.50%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           30955      7.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       416566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.049553                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.240388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          169175                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       178549                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            48793                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2390                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         17653                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        328992                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         17653                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          173430                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         112449                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        54137                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            46886                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        12006                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        312763                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8382                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          101                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       342448                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       774189                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       774099                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           90                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       212745                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          129700                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          975                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          976                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            30130                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        40312                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        25286                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2097                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1159                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            290785                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1582                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           260665                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1438                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        94465                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       135806                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          766                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       416566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.625747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.402441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       320106     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        31931      7.67%     84.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        20249      4.86%     89.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        16291      3.91%     93.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        11408      2.74%     96.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         8674      2.08%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         5440      1.31%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2015      0.48%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          452      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       416566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            507     39.95%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     39.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           398     31.36%     71.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          364     28.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         2933      1.13%      1.13% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       199940     76.70%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.83% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        35894     13.77%     91.60% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        21888      8.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        260665                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337757                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1269                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       941469                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       386932                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       248151                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           28                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           46                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            9                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        258987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             14                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4284                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        14795                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          154                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8369                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           38                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         17653                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          99687                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles          719                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       292367                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4681                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        40312                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        25286                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1198                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           262                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           99                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          154                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1141                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6217                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7358                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       253041                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        34000                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7624                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               54900                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           25653                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             20900                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327879                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                248992                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               248160                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           160576                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           251663                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321554                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.638060                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       102586                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          816                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6296                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       398973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.475614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.393570                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       333186     83.51%     83.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        24575      6.16%     89.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        12493      3.13%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        10100      2.53%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6011      1.51%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3058      0.77%     97.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1683      0.42%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2472      0.62%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         5395      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       398973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       104603                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        189757                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 42425                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                25516                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             20638                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           187918                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         5395                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              685793                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             602483                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2407                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 355186                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles               98680                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             104603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               189757                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       104603                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.377915                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.377915                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.135540                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.135540                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          487319                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         269680                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               18                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         110887                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           662                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4416904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          710365                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5145037                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4416904                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          645557                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           552113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           106911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              661245                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85386                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15237805054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2450676625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17749779212                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15237805054                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2227096563                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38252310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     23045223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15237805054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4677773188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19976875775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         870474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    415720                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      733871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              732087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  293                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        60649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     732087                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         293                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1937455                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           838965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                496                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               242                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192359                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    106991                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85368                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   870474                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                 60.008994                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                60008993657946                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               65092501282725                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  44474                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    86925                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            12140348426                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4547252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4942.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   219830037                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     429663707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3432512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            51840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         6080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       617984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      4670976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total             8798592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       617984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         617984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4469888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total          4469888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        53633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               810                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         9656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        72984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               137478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          69842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total               69842                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        57200                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                 864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        10298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data        77838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total                 146621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        10298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             10298                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks            74487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total                 74487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks            74487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        57200                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet                864                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker          101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        10298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data        77838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total                221108                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    71300                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   14.902254                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    71315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.001472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.303992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        14.598262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.019000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.912391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.931391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet             3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total                3                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 25                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                25                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet        41733                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total           45263                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet         2966                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          54166                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet         44699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            99429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet        44699                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           99429                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    507525664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4829294148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5336819812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8969351600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet    155220000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9124571600                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9476877264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet   4984514148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  14461391412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   9476877264                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet   4984514148                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  14461391412                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet        41755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total         45285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet         2969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54169                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet        44724                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          99454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet        44724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         99454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999473                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.998990                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999945                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.999749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 143774.975637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 115718.835166                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117906.895522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 175182.648438                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 52333.108564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168455.702839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173156.902320                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111512.878319                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 145444.401653                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173156.902320                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 111512.878319                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 145444.401653                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    114844936                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs               11759                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9766.556340                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          52000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               52000                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         3530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        41733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        51200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet         2966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        54166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet        44699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        54730                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet        44699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    464544900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4325562300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4790107200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8352223792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet    118193900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8470417692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8816768692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4443756200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13260524892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   8816768692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   4443756200                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13260524892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.998990                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999945                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.999441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999749                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 131599.121813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 103648.486809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105828.318936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 163129.370938                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 39849.595415                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156378.866669                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161095.718838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99415.114432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133366.773195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 161095.718838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 99415.114432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 133366.773195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           42                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       172032                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           42                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          800                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3276800                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          800                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                        312213                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4006.025324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                         4469636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                        316258                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                         14.132879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  6048591871700                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks         1199.746975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.048313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.016089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    70.419696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     6.332941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1412.523723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1316.937407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.292907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.344854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.321518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.978034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1325039                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43279                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1869140                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       565749                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                3803207                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          719221                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total               719221                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21433                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               21433                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       205489                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               205489                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1325039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1869140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       771238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                 4008696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1325039                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43279                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1869140                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       771238                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                4008696                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3565                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          823                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        82538                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       163339                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               250265                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16987                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16987                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        87278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              87278                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        82538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       250617                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                337543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3565                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          823                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        82538                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       250617                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total               337543                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     99370240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25211553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2607244879                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8038629075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10770455747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    254650836                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    254650836                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5472694755                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5472694755                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     99370240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25211553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2607244879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13511323830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     16243150502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     99370240                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     25211553                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2607244879                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  13511323830                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    16243150502                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1951678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       729088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            4053472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       719221                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           719221                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        38420                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           38420                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       292767                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           292767                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1951678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1021855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total             4346239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1328604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1951678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1021855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total            4346239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.042291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.224032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.061741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.442140                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.442140                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298114                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.298114                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.042291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.077663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.042291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.077663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27873.840112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30633.721750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31588.418413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49214.388940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43036.204611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14990.924589                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14990.924589                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62704.172357                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62704.172357                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27873.840112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30633.721750                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31588.418413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53912.239912                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48121.722275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 27873.840112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 30633.721750                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 31588.418413                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53912.239912                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48121.722275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks              144480                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                   144480                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        82536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       163339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          250263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        16987                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16987                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        87278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         87278                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        82536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       250617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           337541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          823                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        82536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       250617                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          337541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     80284444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20769815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2140410251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7135169733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9376634243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1498893097                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1498893097                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4973430176                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4973430176                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     80284444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20769815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2140410251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12108599909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14350064419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     80284444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     20769815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2140410251                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12108599909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14350064419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1471808766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1471808766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3337080235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3337080235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4808889001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4808889001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018661                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.042290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.224032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.442140                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442140                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.298114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.042290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.077663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.002683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.018661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.042290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.245257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22520.180645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25236.713244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25933.050439                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43683.197112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37467.121560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88237.658033                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88237.658033                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 56983.777997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56983.777997                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22520.180645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25236.713244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25933.050439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48315.157826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42513.544781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22520.180645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 25236.713244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25933.050439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48315.157826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42513.544781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                         56072                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32178.611089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                          307714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                         88454                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          3.478803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks         8190.873101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.576954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        1.362318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.252300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   185.854476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    53.796950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   4929.434910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  18815.460080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.249966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.005672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.001642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.150434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.574202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.982013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3265                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          728                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        72879                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       108429                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                 185301                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks          144480                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total               144480                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           63                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  63                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        41905                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                41905                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        72879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       150334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                  227206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3265                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          728                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        72879                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       150334                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                 227206                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9657                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        54910                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                64962                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        40774                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             40774                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        21523                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              21523                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9657                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        76433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                 86485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9657                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        76433                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                86485                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27926374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8849490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    904014780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4985276503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     5926067147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     78346945                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     78346945                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1992691700                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1992691700                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27926374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8849490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    904014780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6977968203                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      7918758847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     27926374                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      8849490                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    904014780                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6977968203                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     7918758847                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        82536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       163339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total             250263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       144480                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total           144480                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        40837                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           40837                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        63428                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            63428                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        82536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       226767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total              313691                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        82536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       226767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total             313691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.115431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.117003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336172                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.259575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998457                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.998457                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339330                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.339330                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.115431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.117003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.337055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.275701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.115431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.117003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.337055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.275701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93087.913333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93152.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93612.382728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90789.956347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 91223.594517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  1921.492740                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1921.492740                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92584.291223                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92584.291223                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93087.913333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93152.526316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93612.382728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91295.228540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 91562.222894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93087.913333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 93152.526316                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93612.382728                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91295.228540                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 91562.222894                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks               17842                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                    17842                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        54910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           64962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        40774                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        40774                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        21523                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         21523                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            86485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           95                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         9657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        76433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           86485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23725719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7519000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    767877135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4206316360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5005438214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3088077278                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3088077278                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1682207153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1682207153                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23725719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    767877135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5888523513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6687645367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23725719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      7519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    767877135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   5888523513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6687645367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1316551540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1316551540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   2937372490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2937372490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   4253924030                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4253924030                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.115431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.117003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.336172                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998457                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998457                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.339330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339330                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.115431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.117003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.337055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.275701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.084151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.115431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.117003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.337055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79085.730000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79147.368421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79515.080770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76603.830996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77051.787414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75736.431991                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75736.431991                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78158.581657                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78158.581657                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79085.730000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79147.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79515.080770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77041.637944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77327.228618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79085.730000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 79147.368421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79515.080770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77041.637944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77327.228618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2473551                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                        40540                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                       1919                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         98                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                    12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    24                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                  1893                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  335162                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                      2017                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     2514091                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   329757                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                     5405                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             32                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                              2                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                3042                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements               1951679                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               512.000000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                22511177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs               1952191                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 11.531237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   512.000000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22503060                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22503060                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22503060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        22503060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     22503060                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       22503060                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2049700                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      2049700                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2049700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total       2049700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2049700                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total      2049700                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27772652809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27772652809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27772652809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  27772652809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  27772652809                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  27772652809                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24552760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24552760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24552760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     24552760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     24552760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     24552760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.083481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.083481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.083481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.083481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13549.618388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13549.618388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13549.618388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13549.618388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 13549.618388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13549.618388                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       311616                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        38952                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        98016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        98016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        98016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        98016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        98016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        98016                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1951684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1951684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1951684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1951684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1951684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1951684                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19779313974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19779313974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19779313974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19779313974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  19779313974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19779313974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.079489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.079489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10134.485897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10134.485897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10134.485897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10134.485897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 10134.485897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10134.485897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements        44148                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.984220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs         27243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs        44164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.616860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5083915307300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.000007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.984213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26843                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        26843                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        26843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker        26843                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        26843                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44355                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        44355                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        44355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44355                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        44355                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    858825276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    858825276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    858825276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    858825276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    858825276                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    858825276                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        71198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        71198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        71198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.622981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.622981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.622981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.622981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.622981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.622981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19362.535813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19362.535813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19362.535813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19362.535813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19362.535813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19362.535813                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           56                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           56                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        44355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        44355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        44355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    723877492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    723877492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    723877492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    723877492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker    723877492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    723877492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.622981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.622981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.622981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16320.087747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16320.087747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16320.087747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16320.087747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16320.087747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16320.087747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements      1328947                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.999997                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs        186783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      1328963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.140548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       186386                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       186386                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       186386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       186386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       186386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       186386                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1329256                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1329256                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1329256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      1329256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1329256                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      1329256                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17032987534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17032987534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17032987534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  17032987534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  17032987534                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  17032987534                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1515642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1515642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1515642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      1515642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1515642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      1515642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.877025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.877025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.877025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12813.925635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12813.925635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12813.925635                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12813.925635                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12813.925635                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12813.925635                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2653                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2653                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1329256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1329256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1329256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1329256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1329256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1329256                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12987979724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12987979724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12987979724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12987979724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  12987979724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12987979724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.877025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9770.864095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9770.864095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9770.864095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9770.864095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9770.864095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9770.864095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements               1019652                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                44316601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs               1020164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 43.440663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.023356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.976551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     26561722                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       26561722                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     17688339                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      17688339                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     44250061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        44250061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     44250061                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       44250061                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1634262                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1634262                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       333043                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       333043                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1967305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       1967305                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1967305                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      1967305                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  63746483438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  63746483438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10586606740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10586606740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  74333090178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74333090178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  74333090178                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74333090178                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     28195984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28195984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18021382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     18021382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46217366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46217366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     46217366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46217366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.057961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018480                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.018480                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.042566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.042566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39006.281391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39006.281391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31787.507139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31787.507139                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37784.222669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37784.222669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37784.222669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37784.222669                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       716512                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           716512                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       904674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       904674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         3734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       908408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       908408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       908408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       908408                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       729588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       729588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       329309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       329309                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1058897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1058897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1058897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1058897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16694731014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16694731014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9267008720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9267008720                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25961739734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25961739734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  25961739734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25961739734                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   1533720586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1533720586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   3481252383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3481252383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   5014972969                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   5014972969                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.025876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018273                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018273                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22882.408995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22882.408995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 28140.769672                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28140.769672                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24517.719603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24517.719603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24517.719603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24517.719603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles               282878564                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups        31886816                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted     31886816                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      3551270                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     23454200                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits        16596963                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    118080228                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             146207200                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           31886816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     16596963                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             49815118                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       11631598                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles            723095                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      88899194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       270650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        64935                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          176                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         24552767                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2101766                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes          12618                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    265797235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.104624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.559425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       216897171     81.60%     81.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         4553634      1.71%     83.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         2388936      0.90%     84.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         3365764      1.27%     85.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         3477362      1.31%     86.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         3484369      1.31%     88.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         3456137      1.30%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         3281688      1.23%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        24892174      9.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    265797235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.112723                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.516855                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       115469761                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     94498393                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         46891582                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       993660                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       7943839                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     288442711                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           24                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       7943839                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       119345814                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       46409160                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     38478685                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         43937575                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      9682162                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     280909005                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        71088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       3162004                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      4633633                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       211906                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    313466302                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    705079070                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    674423880                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     30655190                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    244304757                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        69161655                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1207445                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1236467                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         26469900                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     33732721                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     21119192                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2146573                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1399780                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         259855183                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1534760                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        246454579                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       580952                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     40722950                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     58518537                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       391137                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    265797235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.927228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.597988                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171872147     64.66%     64.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     31962838     12.03%     76.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     21516557      8.10%     84.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     14828533      5.58%     90.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     10815553      4.07%     94.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      7601666      2.86%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      5166489      1.94%     99.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1564064      0.59%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       469388      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    265797235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         541739     36.17%     36.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     36.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     36.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         4547      0.30%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     36.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        601850     40.18%     76.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       349574     23.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      4128289      1.68%      1.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    181199891     73.52%     75.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.20% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9201308      3.73%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32049268     13.00%     91.94% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19875823      8.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     246454579                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.871238                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1497710                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006077                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    739352088                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    287181989                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    230220900                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     21882483                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     14951214                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10718767                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     232885675                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       10938325                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      3085098                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5808070                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        43175                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        27523                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      3151526                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        26943                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       7943839                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       36990462                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       456376                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    261389943                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6262014                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33732721                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     21119192                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1317828                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        237073                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        46758                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        27523                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1430425                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2490979                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      3921404                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    242606048                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     31280242                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      3848531                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            50869551                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        24897096                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          19589309                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.857633                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             241222970                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            240939667                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        160867530                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        268007179                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.851742                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.600236                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     44078930                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1143623                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      3557368                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    257943173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.841546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.823748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186386440     72.26%     72.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24542327      9.51%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     14715462      5.70%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11603239      4.50%     91.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5374561      2.08%     94.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      3022379      1.17%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2391808      0.93%     96.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1928454      0.75%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      7978503      3.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    257943173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    109173854                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     217071157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs              45892331                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads             27924662                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             158750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches          22723530                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           9244905                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        209016020                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      7978503                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           510780259                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          530345415                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 915336                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles               17081329                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles        179923082188                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          109173854                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps            217071157                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    109173854                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      2.591083                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                2.591083                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.385939                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.385939                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       483121751                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      256595540                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         18771315                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         9803449                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      100803821                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       1160170                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       114344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet           73196                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker      7390904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker      7788232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      1158001480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       231225216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         1404593372                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   1158001480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    1158001480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1814528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      2506207                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    150435939                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       154756674                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         2197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             2736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       923863                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker       973529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        144750185                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         32466595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           179119105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet           41861                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        19679081                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           19749294                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         1905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       123163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker       129784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           19297132                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            3853176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              23406381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      19297132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         19297132                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide        30238                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet             41764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           2506890                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              2578891                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        32143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet             42984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       123163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       129784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          19297132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           6360066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             25985272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           27                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          443                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1814528                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          443                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                       40540                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2473551                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        98                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                      1919                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   12                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   18                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                 1893                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                 335162                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                     2017                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    2514091                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           34                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                    5405                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                  329757                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                             2                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            32                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               1958                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                   180207186545                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 109590621                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   210707073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           209813095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                45647                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     13400058                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  209813095                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       45647                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         528960955                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        232634364                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              73992                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             37567                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                    52232580                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  32501095                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 19731485                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             179961293684.972168                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             245892860.027832                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.001365                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.998635                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
