
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000292                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   292032009                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               7598772669951                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  99211                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   176910                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               54099805                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4490920                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      535537                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        954960                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        73728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       134656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        80128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              295168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       134656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         134720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks        72768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total            72768                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           66                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         2104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           1137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total                1137                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide    252465475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       1534078                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        657462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              219154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              438308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14464168                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    461100139                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    274380881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total             1010738518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         219154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    461100139                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         461319293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        249178165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total             249178165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        249178165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide    252465475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker      1534078                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       657462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             219154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             438308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     14464168                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      5478851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    461100139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    274380881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total            1259916683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                     1155                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                    8.684959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                     1155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                            0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             7598614306000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     8.684959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.542810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.542810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              19                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           1152                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total             1171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total            1171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       782000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    213762856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    213762856                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    214544856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    214544856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    214544856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    214544856                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1152                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total           1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total          1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41157.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41157.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 185558.034722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185558.034722                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 183215.077711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183215.077711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 183215.077711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183215.077711                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1184200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 126                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  9398.412698                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           1137                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total                1137                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       549800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       549800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    199895168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199895168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    200444968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200444968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    200444968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200444968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 28936.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28936.842105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 173520.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173520.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171174.182750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171174.182750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 171174.182750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171174.182750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           18                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        73728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           18                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                          1564                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      1442.359761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                            1589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                          1564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          1.015985                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           84.577684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        3.908432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.903842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.715872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.803867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    27.308511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     8.191013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    936.784161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    379.166379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.020649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.002000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.228707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.092570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.352139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1575                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          441                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4576                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             658                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  658                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           25                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  25                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   80                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1575                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4656                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2480                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker           80                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1575                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          521                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4656                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3719                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4039                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7915678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2912938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229665312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    104256966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      344750894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     32671961                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32671961                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7915678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2912938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229665312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136928927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       377422855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7915678                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2912938                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    229665312                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    136928927                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      377422855                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              658                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1895                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                8695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         4109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1895                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               8695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.266055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.616695                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.448342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074074                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.074074                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.799499                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.800000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.266055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.616695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.725066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.464520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.266055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.616695                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.725066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.464520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88940.202247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100446.137931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90633.509077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98821.768720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92699.890831                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102419.940439                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102099.878125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88940.202247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100446.137931                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90633.509077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99657.152111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93444.628621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 88940.202247                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100446.137931                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 90633.509077                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99657.152111                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93444.628621                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 123                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                      123                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           319                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2752656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    215599018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     98465386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    324248135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        30000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        30000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     30901864                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30901864                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2752656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    215599018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129367250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    355149999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      7431075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2752656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    215599018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    129367250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    355149999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3194921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3194921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7057051                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7057051                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10251972                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10251972                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.266055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.616695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.074074                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.074074                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.799499                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.797500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.266055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.616695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.725066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.463025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.034644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.266055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.616695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.725066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.463025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83495.224719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94919.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85082.485399                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93332.119431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87469.148907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 96871.047022                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96871.047022                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83495.224719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94919.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85082.485399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94153.748180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88214.108048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 83495.224719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94919.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 85082.485399                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94153.748180                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88214.108048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1793.902425                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           17.479505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        6.999892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        2.999997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.999977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    31.303304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.004733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   1191.503317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    532.611703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.036362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.016254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.054746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          430                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          112                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                    569                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks             123                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                  123                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                     577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           23                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          430                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          120                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                    577                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2104                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          943                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3150                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          309                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                310                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  3460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           66                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2104                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 3460                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6829405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2603016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201786338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     93283633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      304502392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     29542187                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29542187                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6829405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2603016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201786338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122825820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       334044579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6829405                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2603016                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    201786338                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    122825820                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      334044579                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          123                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total              123                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               4                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          317                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              318                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4037                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           89                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4037                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.741573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.893839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.847002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.974763                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.974843                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.741573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.857072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.741573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.857072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103475.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104120.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95906.054183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98922.198303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96667.426032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 95605.783172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95297.377419                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103475.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104120.640000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95906.054183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98103.690096                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96544.676012                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 103475.833333                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 104120.640000                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 95906.054183                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98103.690096                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96544.676012                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           66                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           309                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           66                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             3447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           66                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            3447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5913356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2256087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172220017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80117732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    260507192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       156800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     25151490                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25151490                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5913356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2256087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172220017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105269222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    285658682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5913356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2256087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    172220017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    105269222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    285658682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      2846855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2846855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6316500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      9163355                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      9163355                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.741573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.893839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.843775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.974763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.741573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.853852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.741573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.862069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.830308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.912536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.853852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89596.303030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90243.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81853.620247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84960.479321                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83016.950924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81396.407767                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81396.407767                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89596.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90243.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81853.620247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84080.848243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82871.680302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 89596.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 90243.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81853.620247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84080.848243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82871.680302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           29                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   29                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          29                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                34                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            3                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          1                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  3598                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               425.996295                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   22095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  3598                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  6.140912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.032893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   425.963402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.831960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.832024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25653                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          25662                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25653                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           25662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            9                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        25653                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          25662                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4843                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         4844                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          4844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4843                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         4844                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    320957518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    320957518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    320957518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    320957518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    320957518                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    320957518                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        30506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        30496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        30506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.158808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.158788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.158808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.158788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.100000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.158808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.158788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66272.458807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66258.777457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66272.458807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66258.777457                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66272.458807                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66258.777457                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          734                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    251375759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    251375759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    251375759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    251375759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    251375759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    251375759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134695                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.134739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61176.870041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61176.870041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61176.870041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61176.870041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61176.870041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61176.870041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements           96                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      11.216558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           293                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs           96                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.052083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598750945300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.134786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    11.081772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.008424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.692611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.701035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          440                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          440                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          440                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          440                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          112                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          112                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4190977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4190977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4190977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4190977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4190977                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4190977                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total          552                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total          552                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.202899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.202899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.202899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38449.330275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37419.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38449.330275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 37419.437500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 38449.330275                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 37419.437500                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3837607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3837607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3837607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3837607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3837607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3837607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197464                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197464                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.198543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.197464                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35207.403670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35207.403670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35207.403670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35207.403670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 35207.403670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35207.403670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2560                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.911988                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs           625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.244141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 7598619574300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.823808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    14.088180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.051488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.880511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.931999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total          736                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total          736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          736                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total          736                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2577                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2577                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37241205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37241205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37241205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     37241205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     37241205                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     37241205                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         3313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         3313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.777845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.777845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.777845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14490.741245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14451.379511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14490.741245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14451.379511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 14490.741245                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14451.379511                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29297447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29297447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29297447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     29297447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     29297447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     29297447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.777374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.775732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11399.784825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11399.784825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11399.784825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11399.784825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 11399.784825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11399.784825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  1400                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               364.996671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   34590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  1400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 24.707143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.194113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   364.802558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.712505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.712884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        31266                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          31266                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        17285                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         17286                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        48551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           48552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        48551                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          48552                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2767                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2768                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          437                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          438                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          3206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3204                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         3206                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    218891891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218891891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     37095400                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     37095400                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255987291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    255987291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    255987291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    255987291                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        34033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17722                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        17724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        51758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        51755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        51758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.081330                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024659                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.024712                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.061942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.061942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79108.019877                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79079.440390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84886.498856                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84692.694064                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79896.158240                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79846.316594                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79896.158240                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79846.316594                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          658                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              658                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         1282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    112159092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112159092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     34581647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34581647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146740739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    146740739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    146740739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    146740739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      3334826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3334826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data      7324521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7324521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data     10659347                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     10659347                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043957                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043956                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037137                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.037137                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74972.655080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74972.655080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 81177.575117                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81177.575117                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76347.939126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76347.939126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76347.939126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76347.939126                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                  876695                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           44005                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        44005                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6923                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        32150                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           17780                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       201869                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                210030                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              44005                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        17780                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                62256                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          27560                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              4167                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        163733                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          298                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          371                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            30496                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         4229                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             76                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       453053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.864014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.335525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          392124     86.55%     86.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            2773      0.61%     87.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            2455      0.54%     87.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3324      0.73%     88.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            4933      1.09%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            3771      0.83%     90.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5706      1.26%     91.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            2770      0.61%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           35197      7.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       453053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.050194                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.239570                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          199746                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       174360                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            56435                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         2150                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         20359                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        376065                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         20359                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          204837                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         107165                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        53896                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            53483                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        13310                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        357679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          2883                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents         8730                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          125                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       394599                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups       894350                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups       894208                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          142                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       242392                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          152207                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         1050                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1049                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            36232                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        47267                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        27200                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3077                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores         1363                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            333032                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1727                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           295625                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1552                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       111280                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       165974                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          836                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       453053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.652517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.424315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       343059     75.72%     75.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        36877      8.14%     83.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        23466      5.18%     89.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        17964      3.97%     93.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12858      2.84%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9671      2.13%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6434      1.42%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2259      0.50%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          465      0.10%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       453053                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            712     47.03%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           414     27.34%     74.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          388     25.63%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3185      1.08%      1.08% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       227868     77.08%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           10      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.16% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        41354     13.99%     92.15% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        23208      7.85%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        295625                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.337204                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               1514                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.005121                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1048376                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       446131                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       281899                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           72                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           16                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        293927                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             27                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5080                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17924                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          127                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          168                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9430                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           17                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         20359                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles          91137                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1003                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       334759                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        47267                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        27200                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1357                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           550                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          168                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1505                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         8031                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       287106                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        39191                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         8519                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               61375                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           29478                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             22184                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327487                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                282693                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               281915                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           185490                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           295037                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.321566                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.628701                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       119651                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6967                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       432783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.497069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.428053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       358997     82.95%     82.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        27281      6.30%     89.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13690      3.16%     92.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        11631      2.69%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         6793      1.57%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3362      0.78%     97.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         1940      0.45%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2765      0.64%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         6324      1.46%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       432783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       116860                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        215123                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 47113                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                29343                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             23821                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           213215                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events         6324                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads              761090                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             690042                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2746                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 423642                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             116860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               215123                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       116860                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.502097                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.502097                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.133296                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.133296                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          556760                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         307933                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               25                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              57                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         125894                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes           732                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        11312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         6680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         4445056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          714370                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            5177418                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       4445056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          646326                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           555632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           107423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              665304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data           85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total              85482                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15221125983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2446204450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17728940118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15221125983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2213202595                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     38735480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     22874205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15221125983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4659407045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19942142712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                         876982                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    418669                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      739808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              737993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  323                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        61416                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     737993                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                         323                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           1951279                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes           847032                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               270                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      192967                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    107502                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                    85465                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   876982                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.014299                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5014298587095                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               12613361740605                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  27093                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    47121                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48249078                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5258892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                103925.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2815632787                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    4897024773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      3774848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            13248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      6297088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1170432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst     88828480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    448313984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total           548398080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     88828480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       88828480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks    247575168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total        247575168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        58982                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet               207                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        98392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst      1387945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      7004906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total              8568720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks        3868362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total             3868362                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       752817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet                2642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1255826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker       233419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     17715036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     89407118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              109366858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     17715036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          17715036                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         49373838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              49373838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         49373838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       752817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet               2642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1255826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker       233419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     17715036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     89407118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             158740696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                    60206                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.566915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                        154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                    60221                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.002557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     9.099705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet         6.467209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.568732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.404201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.972932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet             49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total                49                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet            21                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total               21                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet              70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total                 70                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet             70                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total                70                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          921                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet          222                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total            1143                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        59008                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet          285                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total          59293                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        59929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet           507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total            60436                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        59929                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet          507                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total           60436                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     38298000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet     10132494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48430494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide  10768394624                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet     21596000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10789990624                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide  10806692624                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet     31728494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  10838421118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide  10806692624                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet     31728494                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  10838421118                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          921                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet          271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total          1192                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        59008                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet          306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total        59314                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        59929                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total          60506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        59929                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet          577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total         60506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.819188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.958893                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.931373                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.999646                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.878683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.998843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.878683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 41583.061889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 45641.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42371.385827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 182490.418655                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 75775.438596                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 181977.478353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180324.928232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62580.856016                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179337.168542                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 180324.928232                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 62580.856016                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179337.168542                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     71079200                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                7010                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 10139.686163                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          59194                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               59194                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        59008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet          285                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        59293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        59929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        60436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        59929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60436                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     27065300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet      7377600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34442900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide  10057453868                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     18089800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10075543668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide  10084519168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25467400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10109986568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide  10084519168                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet     25467400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10109986568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.819188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.958893                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.931373                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999646                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.878683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 29386.862106                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 33232.432432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30133.770779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 170442.208989                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 63472.982456                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169928.046616                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168274.444226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50231.558185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167284.177775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 168274.444226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 50231.558185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167284.177775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          922                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3776512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          922                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      40429522                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      3173.710712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                       107091505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      40432970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.648618                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          695.271334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    74.405075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    24.827109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    835.969555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1543.237639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.169744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.006061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.204094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.376767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.774832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     42218461                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3260204                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13171152                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     27578189                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               86228006                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks        28107388                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total             28107388                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2003245                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             2003245                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6988941                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              6988941                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     42218461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3260204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13171152                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     34567130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                93216947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     42218461                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3260204                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     13171152                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     34567130                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               93216947                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1588319                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       547136                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10501324                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     20545979                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             33182758                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::writebacks             1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_misses::total                  1                       # number of Writeback misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        26349                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             26349                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6147854                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            6147854                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1588319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       547136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10501324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     26693833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              39330612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1588319                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       547136                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10501324                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     26693833                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             39330612                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  42378535745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  13475879816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 339896470597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 779445199008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1175196085166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    200477214                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    200477214                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 372022625174                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 372022625174                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  42378535745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  13475879816                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 339896470597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1151467824182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    1547218710340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  42378535745                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  13475879816                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 339896470597                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1151467824182                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   1547218710340                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43806780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3807340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23672476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     48124168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total          119410764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     28107389                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total         28107389                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2029594                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         2029594                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     13136795                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total         13136795                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43806780                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3807340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23672476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     61260963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total           132547559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43806780                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3807340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     23672476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     61260963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total          132547559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.443609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.277887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_miss_rate::total        0.000000                       # miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012982                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.012982                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467987                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.467987                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.443609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.296728                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.443609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.296728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26681.375558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24629.854033                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32367.011112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37936.629791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35415.865226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7608.532164                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7608.532164                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60512.599221                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60512.599221                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26681.375558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24629.854033                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32367.011112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43136.099045                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39338.790618                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 26681.375558                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 24629.854033                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 32367.011112                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 43136.099045                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39338.790618                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks            13016853                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                 13016853                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              1179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               1179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker          534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          555                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           72                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              1179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1587785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       546581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10501306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     20545907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33181579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of Writeback MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        26349                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        26349                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6147854                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       6147854                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1587785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       546581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10501306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26693761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         39329433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1587785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       546581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     10501306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26693761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        39329433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33763312239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10435512068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 280357838344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 664560674289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 989117336940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    983841304                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    983841304                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 337731516922                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 337731516922                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33763312239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10435512068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 280357838344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1002292191211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1326848853862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  33763312239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  10435512068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 280357838344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1002292191211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1326848853862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    183051559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    183051559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    467989019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    467989019                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    651040578                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    651040578                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036245                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.443608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.426935                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.277878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.Writeback_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for Writeback accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012982                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012982                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.467987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.467987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143560                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.443608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.296719                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.036245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.143560                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.443608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.435739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296719                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21264.410634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19092.343254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26697.425858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32345.161218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29809.230505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37338.847926                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37338.847926                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54934.862949                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54934.862949                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21264.410634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19092.343254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26697.425858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37547.807190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33736.790812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 21264.410634                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 19092.343254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26697.425858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 37547.807190                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33736.790812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                       8483274                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32452.618845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        37689752                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                       8515923                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                          4.425798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                  7628521018111                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        11076.800839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.038397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.149606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   428.207369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    99.613442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5189.465680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  15658.340754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.338037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.158370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.477855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.990375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1489393                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       528293                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9113360                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     16529995                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               27661041                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks        13016854                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total             13016854                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        19288                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total               19288                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3158015                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              3158015                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1489393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       528293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9113360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     19688010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                30819056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1489393                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       528293                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9113360                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     19688010                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               30819056                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        98392                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18288                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1387946                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4015912                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total              5520538                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         7242                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7242                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      2989658                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total            2989658                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        98392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18288                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1387946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      7005570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total               8510196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        98392                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18288                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1387946                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      7005570                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total              8510196                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9174963690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1731255393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 129687585854                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 376044390268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   516638195205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66703639                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     66703639                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 277535832679                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total 277535832679                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9174963690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1731255393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 129687585854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 653580222947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total    794174027884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   9174963690                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1731255393                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 129687585854                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 653580222947                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total   794174027884                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1587785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       546581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10501306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20545907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           33181579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     13016854                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total         13016854                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        26530                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           26530                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6147673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          6147673                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1587785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       546581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10501306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26693580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            39329252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      1587785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       546581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     10501306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26693580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           39329252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.195460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.166374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.272974                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.272974                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.486307                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.486307                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.262444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.216383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.262444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.216383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93249.082141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94666.196030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93438.495341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93638.603203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93584.754820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9210.665424                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9210.665424                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92831.966960                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 92831.966960                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93249.082141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94666.196030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93438.495341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93294.367617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 93320.298132                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93249.082141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 94666.196030                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93438.495341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93294.367617                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 93320.298132                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks             3809168                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                  3809168                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        98392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1387946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4015912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5520538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         7242                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7242                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2989658                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       2989658                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        98392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1387946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7005570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total          8510196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker        98392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker        18288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      1387946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7005570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total         8510196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7794807765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1475565136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 110115351706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 319493271561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 438878996168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    564280530                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    564280530                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 234712685218                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 234712685218                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7794807765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1475565136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 110115351706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 554205956779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 673591681386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7794807765                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   1475565136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 110115351706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 554205956779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 673591681386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    163243751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    163243751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    411364234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    411364234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    574607985                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    574607985                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061968                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.195460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.272974                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.272974                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.486307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.486307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.262444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.216383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.061968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.033459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.132169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.262444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79221.966877                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80684.882765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.913472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79556.840778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79499.316220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 77917.775476                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77917.775476                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78508.205694                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78508.205694                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79221.966877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80684.882765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.913472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79109.331115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79151.136047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79221.966877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 80684.882765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79336.913472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79109.331115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79151.136047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                         3864                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                         6532                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                         68                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                    67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                   16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                       136                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                       10396                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                            27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                     6165                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    10421                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                             14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                             14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  44                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              23672625                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               689254831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              23673137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 29.115484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.999998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    689249391                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      689249391                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    689249391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       689249391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    689249391                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      689249391                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25644171                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     25644171                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25644171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      25644171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     25644171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     25644171                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 664685010042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 664685010042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 664685010042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 664685010042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 664685010042                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 664685010042                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    714893562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    714893562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    714893562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    714893562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    714893562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    714893562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.035871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25919.535868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25919.535868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25919.535868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25919.535868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 25919.535868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25919.535868                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     14737176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets            362                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 40710.430939                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1971431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1971431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1971431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1971431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1971431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1971431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23672740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     23672740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23672740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     23672740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     23672740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     23672740                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 518312535088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 518312535088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 518312535088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 518312535088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 518312535088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 518312535088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.033114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21894.910986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21894.910986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21894.910986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21894.910986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 21894.910986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21894.910986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      3808199                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.998873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs      12878162                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      3808215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        3.381679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.998873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12877937                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     12877937                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12877937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     12877937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker     12877937                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     12877937                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3808439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      3808439                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3808439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      3808439                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3808439                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      3808439                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63791196144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  63791196144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63791196144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  63791196144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  63791196144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  63791196144                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16686376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     16686376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16686376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     16686376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker     16686376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     16686376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.228236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.228236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.228236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16749.958748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16749.958748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16749.958748                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16749.958748                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16749.958748                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16749.958748                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         3399                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         3399                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3808439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3808439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3808439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3808439                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3808439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3808439                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  51700234863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51700234863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  51700234863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51700234863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  51700234863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51700234863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.228236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13575.177353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13575.177353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13575.177353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13575.177353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 13575.177353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13575.177353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     43830172                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.571824                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs      85418389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     43830187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        1.948848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.571824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.973239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.973239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     85417867                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total     85417867                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     85417867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total     85417867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     85417867                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total     85417867                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43838562                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     43838562                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43838562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     43838562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43838562                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     43838562                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 557436436099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 557436436099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 557436436099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 557436436099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 557436436099                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 557436436099                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    129256429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total    129256429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    129256429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total    129256429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    129256429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total    129256429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.339160                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.339160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.339160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12715.664262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12715.664262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12715.664262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12715.664262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12715.664262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12715.664262                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks       434459                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total       434459                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43838562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     43838562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43838562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     43838562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     43838562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     43838562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 420056369238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 420056369238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 420056369238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 420056369238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 420056369238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 420056369238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339160                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.339160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339160                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9581.892062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9581.892062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9581.892062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9581.892062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  9581.892062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9581.892062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              61260126                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               511.999282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs              1384833245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              61260638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 22.605596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   511.999282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data   1021839405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total     1021839405                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    360646295                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     360646295                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1382485700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total      1382485700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1382485700                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total     1382485700                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     77034153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     77034153                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     15206728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     15206728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     92240881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      92240881                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     92240881                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     92240881                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2348276142745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 2348276142745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 551341130040                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 551341130040                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2899617272785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 2899617272785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2899617272785                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 2899617272785                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1098873558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1098873558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    375853023                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    375853023                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1474726581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1474726581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1474726581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1474726581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.070103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.070103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.040459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.062548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.062548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30483.571913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30483.571913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36256.394541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36256.394541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31435.272965                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31435.272965                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 31435.272965                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31435.272965                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     27669531                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total         27669531                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     28892678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     28892678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        71890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        71890                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     28964568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     28964568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     28964568                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     28964568                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     48141475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     48141475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15134838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15134838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     63276313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     63276313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     63276313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     63276313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1130539007067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1130539007067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 493586038629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 493586038629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1624125045696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1624125045696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1624125045696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1624125045696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    190953146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    190953146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    489145899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    489145899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data    680099045                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    680099045                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.040268                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040268                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23483.680279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23483.680279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32612.574950                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32612.574950                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25667.188379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25667.188379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25667.188379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25667.188379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              8638927619                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       833252339                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    833252339                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     90331135                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    601647989                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       487015304                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   2801002478                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            4624662753                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          833252339                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    487015304                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles           1368171142                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      482308579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles         123281908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles    2691191103                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       114632                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2472215                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         4393                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        714893890                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     44767292                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1797043                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   7376428903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.098586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.542071                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      6030622052     81.76%     81.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        83766599      1.14%     82.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        81719792      1.11%     84.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3       122090808      1.66%     85.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        94055352      1.28%     86.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5       111558162      1.51%     88.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        85468808      1.16%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        93843472      1.27%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       673303858      9.13%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   7376428903                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.096453                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.535328                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      2901969301                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles   2769874801                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles       1260476269                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     53917500                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     390191032                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    7911520299                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         3872                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     390191032                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      3018660397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles     2246550601                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     47999680                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles       1187512728                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles    485514465                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    7691618241                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      4547964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      85007607                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents    373941584                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents      2755176                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   8626931766                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups  19380651766                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups  19313787277                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     66864489                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   5512761695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps      3114170182                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2164688                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2165302                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts       1050736480                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1497113352                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    598263383                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     98971870                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     66551182                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        7355556757                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      4431270                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       6405572508                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     16568315                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2407709621                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3592541278                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      1905528                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   7376428903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.868384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.492151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   4758342417     64.51%     64.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    954442849     12.94%     77.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    657417330      8.91%     86.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    403256432      5.47%     91.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    279399375      3.79%     95.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    181445246      2.46%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     99880256      1.35%     99.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     35539547      0.48%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      6705451      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   7376428903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        9270320     30.32%     30.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     30.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     30.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        53039      0.17%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     30.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      12639566     41.33%     71.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      8615876     28.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     43316686      0.68%      0.68% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   4593194589     71.71%     72.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     72.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     72.38% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     10601016      0.17%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.55% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1268004185     19.80%     92.34% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    490456032      7.66%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    6405572508                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.741478                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           30578801                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.004774                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads  20228660948                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   9733457496                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   6195155210                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     40433271                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     35430042                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     18607678                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    6372698985                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       20135638                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads    136046545                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    515092128                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses      1105977                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation      1246718                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    222416317                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       370911                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           55                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     390191032                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles     1594605762                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     35128517                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   7359988027                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     42676084                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts   1497113352                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    598263393                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3860274                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents      13960121                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      4168206                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents      1246718                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     62153495                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     35230486                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     97383981                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   6302923821                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts   1235349605                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    102648687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs          1716528198                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       603421400                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         481178593                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.729596                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            6232820944                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           6213762888                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers       4361094709                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       6753181364                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.719275                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.645784                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2510127226                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2525742                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     90624646                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   6986657752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.694692                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.749807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   5482720591     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    518463489      7.42%     85.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    233668415      3.34%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3    283734545      4.06%     93.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4    105056717      1.50%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     61264263      0.88%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     46029187      0.66%     96.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     31918836      0.46%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    223801709      3.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   6986657752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2792365917                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    4853572783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs            1357868314                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            982021235                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             234055                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         508835866                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          14498919                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       4824163811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events    223801709                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads         14125991832                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes        15119237387                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               26011795                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles             1262498716                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles          6417816946                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts         2792365917                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           4853572783                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total   2792365917                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      3.093766                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                3.093766                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.323231                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.323231                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads     12216173609                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     6919222792                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         17898408                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        13798923                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads     3034692391                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       2049833                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         2432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet            9412                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       624808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker       266128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst       234401024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data        39199420                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total          274503224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst    234401024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total     234401024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      1249280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet         6744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data     28034193                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total        29290217                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet              305                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker        78101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        33266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst         29300128                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data          6113208                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total            35525312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        19520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet             283                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data         3784799                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total            3804602                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide          485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet               1877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       124605                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        53074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst           46746523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            7817528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total              54744092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst      46746523                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         46746523                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide       249144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet              1345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data           5590850                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total              5841339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       249629                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet              3222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       124605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        53074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst          46746523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data          13408378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total             60585431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          305                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1249280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          305                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                        6532                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                        3864                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                        68                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                   22                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                   67                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth                  16586                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                      136                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                      10396                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                           27                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                   10421                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                    6165                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                            14                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                            14                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                 53                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                    15057955146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                  22195315                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                    41553117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            41391111                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                32921                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      3341681                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                   41391111                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                       32921                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads         107414900                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes         47788638                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              49610                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             20673                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     9924165                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                   6130506                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                  3793659                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             15009287803.798439                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             48667342.201562                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.003232                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.996768                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
