
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000368                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   368386578                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5019397789455                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  57539                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   101635                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31126063                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4489328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    11.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      680994                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1202884                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst               64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        75136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       195520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total              275456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        75136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          75200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                 1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                 3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total                 4304                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker        347461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        694922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              173731                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              521192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8339066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    203959657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    530746807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total              747736254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         173731                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    203959657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total         204133387                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       347461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker       694922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             173731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             521192                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      8339066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker      2953419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    203959657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    530746807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total             747736254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                           0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                          0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                        0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                           525                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      2220.406466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                              84                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                           525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          0.160000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          342.290260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.080978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.072232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    28.855901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     1.376776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    537.755314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1302.975010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.083567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.007045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.131288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.318109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.542091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2757                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          206                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          479                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1156                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   4601                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            1351                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 1351                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  120                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker              3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                    4721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker             3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2757                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker          206                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          479                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         1276                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total                   4721                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1191                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2357                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 3622                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          703                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                704                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total                  4326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1191                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total                 4326                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4908109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1796214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121821425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    241703912                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      370229660                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       746903                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       746903                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     72960076                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     72960076                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4908109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1796214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121821425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314663988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       443189736                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4908109                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1796214                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    121821425                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    314663988                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      443189736                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3513                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               8223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1351                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             1351                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           59                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              59                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          823                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              824                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          223                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1670                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total                9047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          223                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1670                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total               9047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017112                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.713174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.670937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.440472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.474576                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.474576                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.854192                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.854369                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.713174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.478170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.713174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.478170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102252.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105659.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102284.991604                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102547.268562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102216.913308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26675.107143                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26675.107143                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 103783.891892                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103636.471591                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102252.270833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105659.647059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102284.991604                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102831.368627                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 102447.927878                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 102252.270833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 105659.647059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 102284.991604                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 102831.368627                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 102447.927878                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  73                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                       73                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          703                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           703                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             4316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            4316                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4642309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1703414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115247500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    228647397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    350240620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1378069                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1378069                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     69106076                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69106076                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4642309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1703414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115247500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297753473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    419346696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4642309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1703414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    115247500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    297753473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    419346696                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.713174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.670937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.474576                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.474576                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.854192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.853155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.713174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.477064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.017112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.076233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.713174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.705720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.477064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96714.770833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100200.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96765.323258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97007.805261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96939.003598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49216.750000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49216.750000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 98301.672831                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98301.672831                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96714.770833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100200.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96765.323258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97305.056536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97160.958295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 96714.770833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 100200.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 96765.323258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 97305.056536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97160.958295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                      1981.623742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                               0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                             0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                               nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks           15.891017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        1.096337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        3.999996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              1.999975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    32.219765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     4.413407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    550.699354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   1370.303892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.000485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.000983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.000135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.016806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.041818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.060474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total                     22                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks              73                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total                   73                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                      22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst           17                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data            5                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total                     22                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data                 2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2352                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total                 3600                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total                12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data               1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          703                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total                704                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data                  3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                  4304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                 1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data                 3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total                 4304                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4480909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1644914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110989323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    220812232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      337927378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     66686860                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     66686860                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4480909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1644914                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110989323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287499092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       404614238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      4480909                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1644914                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    110989323                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    287499092                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      404614238                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data               2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2357                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total               3622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           73                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total               73                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              28                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          703                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total              704                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst                1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data                3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total                4326                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst               1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data               3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total               4326                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.993926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.994914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985726                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.994914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93352.270833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96759.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94539.457411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 93882.751701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93868.716111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94860.398293                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 94725.653409                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93352.270833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96759.647059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94539.457411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94107.722422                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 94008.884294                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 93352.270833                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 96759.647059                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 94539.457411                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 94107.722422                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 94008.884294                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            3591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          703                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           703                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             4294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker           48                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            4294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3809212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94494708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    187699297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    287412626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       940800                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     56736333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56736333                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3809212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94494708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244435630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    344148959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      3809212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      1409409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     94494708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    244435630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    344148959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.997879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.991441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985726                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.992603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.985726                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.998366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.992603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79358.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82906.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80489.529813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79804.122874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80036.932888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        78400                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80706.021337                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80706.021337                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79358.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82906.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80489.529813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80011.662848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80146.473917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 79358.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 82906.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80489.529813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80011.662848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80146.473917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                   1                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                              30                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                         12                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                           24                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                   24                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                          24                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                 54                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                31                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            6                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          5                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         1                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                        30                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements                  1162                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               348.997265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs                   17493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                  1162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                 15.054217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::cpu.inst      0.406858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   348.590407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.680841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        0.681635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32034                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          32052                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           32052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           18                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        32034                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          32052                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2005                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          2005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2004                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         2005                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163485616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163485616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163485616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    163485616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    163485616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    163485616                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        34057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        34057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        34038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        34057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.058872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.058872                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.058875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.058872                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81579.648703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81538.960599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81579.648703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81538.960599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 81579.648703                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81538.960599                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          334                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129651678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129651678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129651678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129651678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    129651678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129651678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049035                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.049063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049035                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77635.735329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77635.735329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77635.735329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77635.735329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77635.735329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77635.735329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements          211                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      10.626143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs           911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs          211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        4.317536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019267937000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.847039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker     9.779104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.052940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.611194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.664134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1404                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         1404                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         1404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1404                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         1404                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          248                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total          252                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total          252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          248                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total          252                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4526097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4526097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4526097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total      4526097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4526097                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total      4526097                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         1656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         1656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.152174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.152174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18250.391129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17960.702381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18250.391129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17960.702381                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 18250.391129                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17960.702381                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          248                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3738805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3738805                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3738805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3738805                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker      3738805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3738805                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.150121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.149758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15075.826613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15075.826613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15075.826613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15075.826613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 15075.826613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15075.826613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements         2817                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      14.270576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs          1968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs         2817                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.698616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle 5019125430300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker     0.670962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    13.599614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.041935                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.849976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.891911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2119                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total         2122                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total         2122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2119                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total         2122                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2863                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total         2868                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total         2868                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2863                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total         2868                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34473815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34473815                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34473815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total     34473815                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     34473815                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total     34473815                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total         4990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         4982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total         4990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.574669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.574749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.574669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.574749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.625000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.574669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.574749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12041.150891                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12020.158647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12041.150891                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12020.158647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 12041.150891                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12020.158647                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks           24                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total           24                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25576264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25576264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25576264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     25576264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     25576264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     25576264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.574669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.574669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.574669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.573747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8933.378973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8933.378973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8933.378973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8933.378973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker  8933.378973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8933.378973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements                  4082                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               247.257819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs                   61272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                  4082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 15.010289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle          5019060332300                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu.data      0.164518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   247.093301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.965208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.965851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44268                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          44271                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21912                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         21912                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        66180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           66183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        66180                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          66183                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8177                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8179                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          883                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          884                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          9063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data            3                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9060                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         9063                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    710228423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    710228423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     80358280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80358280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    790586703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    790586703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    790586703                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    790586703                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        52445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        52450                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data            1                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        22795                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        22796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        75246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        75240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        75246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.155916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.155939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038737                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.120445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.120415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.120445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 86856.845175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86835.606187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 91005.979615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90903.031674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87261.225497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 87232.340616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87261.225497                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 87232.340616                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1327                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             1327                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         4662                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         4663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data         4663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         4663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         3515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    258825252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    258825252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     76982768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76982768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    335808020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    335808020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    335808020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    335808020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038693                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038691                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.058440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73634.495590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73634.495590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 87282.049887                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87282.049887                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76372.076416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76372.076416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 76372.076416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76372.076416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles                 1106010                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups           56846                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted        56846                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect         6289                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        37696                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits           23918                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles       154881                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts                267275                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches              56846                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches        23918                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles                83745                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          31368                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles              6369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles        487280                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2022                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines            34038                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes         2906                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes             93                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples       758763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.645153                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.041429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0          677043     89.23%     89.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            8950      1.18%     90.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2            5099      0.67%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3            3640      0.48%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4            5505      0.73%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5            5485      0.72%     93.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6            5406      0.71%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7            3511      0.46%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8           44124      5.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total       758763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.051397                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.241657                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          161159                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles       494181                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles            74232                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles         4723                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         24466                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts        471489                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            3                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         24466                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          170786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles         396286                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        66084                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles            69367                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles        31772                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts        449069                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          412                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents          8533                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents        19054                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents          322                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands       537840                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      1170962                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups      1170962                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps       330398                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          207295                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         2144                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2137                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts            75420                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads        66462                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores        30482                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1944                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores          951                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded            423033                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         2161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued           369418                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       144102                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       232090                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          684                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       758763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.211345                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       608916     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        56851      7.49%     87.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        34433      4.54%     92.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        22607      2.98%     95.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        16146      2.13%     97.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        10593      1.40%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         6606      0.87%     99.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2193      0.29%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          418      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       758763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu            773     33.30%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead           821     35.37%     68.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          727     31.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         3005      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       279062     75.54%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.35% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        59453     16.09%     92.45% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        27898      7.55%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total        369418                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.334010                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt               2321                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006283                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1503658                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       569426                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       356451                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses        368734                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4629                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22284                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           69                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          138                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         7687                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          123                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         24466                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         356998                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles         4152                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       425194                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         4341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        66462                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30482                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2143                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          2223                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          138                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1915                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         5591                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts         7506                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts       361732                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        57274                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs               84503                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches           36994                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores             27229                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.327060                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent                357529                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count               356451                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers           247510                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers           395592                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.322286                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.625670                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts       150129                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1477                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts         6565                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       734459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.374367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       644504     87.75%     87.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        35022      4.77%     92.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        13381      1.82%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        14588      1.99%     96.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         7062      0.96%     97.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3434      0.47%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2778      0.38%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2197      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11493      1.56%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       734459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts       154544                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps        274957                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs                 66958                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads                44163                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars                  0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches             30309                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts           274579                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        11493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads             1147110                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes             874906                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   2193                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 347247                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts             154544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps               274957                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total       154544                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      7.156603                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                7.156603                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.139731                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.139731                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads          721495                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes         414325                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              48                       # number of floating regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         167934                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes          2017                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker        12104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker         7736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst         5636616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          907494                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total            6563950                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total       5636616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data       780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total          780799                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker         1513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker          967                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst           704577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data           134118                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total              841175                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data          103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total             103299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst        15300818044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data         2463428513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total           17818103025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst   15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total      15300818044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data        2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total           2119509902                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker     32856789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker     20999679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst       15300818044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data        4582938415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total          19937612928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts                  1                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                        1106275                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                    526438                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                      927903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              926049                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts        78765                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                     926049                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads           2447181                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes          1064119                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                      237486                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                    134190                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                   103296                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  1106275                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.123711                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1123710905925                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               6143478175530                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  24569                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    45894                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               32185794                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4666404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 34913.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   857778171                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1602322068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        25152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet          3534848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       151232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        43840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       960704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     11031488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_read::total            15747264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       960704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         960704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11717888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.bytes_written::total         11717888                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet             55232                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.itb.walker          685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        15011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       172367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_reads::total               246051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         183092                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.num_writes::total              183092                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
testsys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        22383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet             3145692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134583                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       854939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus.data      9817016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_read::total               14013626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       854939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            854939                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         10427849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_write::total              10427849                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         10427849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide        22383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet            3145692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       134583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.itb.walker        39014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       854939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus.data      9817016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.physmem.bw_total::total              24441475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
testsys.iocache.replacements                   103765                       # number of replacements
testsys.iocache.tagsinuse                   15.464267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.iocache.total_refs                      54805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.sampled_refs                   103779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.avg_refs                     0.528093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.iocache.warmup_cycle             5020576329000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.112535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_blocks::ethernet        15.351732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007033                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::ethernet        0.959483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.occ_percent::total           0.966517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::ethernet          18699                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_hits::total             18699                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::ethernet          7936                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_hits::total             7936                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::ethernet           26635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.demand_hits::total              26635                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::ethernet          26635                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.overall_hits::total             26635                       # number of overall hits
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::ethernet       103810                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total          103837                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::ethernet        99576                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total         101304                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::ethernet        203386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.demand_misses::total           205141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::ethernet       203386                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.overall_misses::total          205141                       # number of overall misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide      1088000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::ethernet   4601548352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4602636352                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    123399784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::ethernet   6702935000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   6826334784                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124487784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::ethernet  11304483352                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  11428971136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    124487784                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::ethernet  11304483352                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  11428971136                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::ethernet       122509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total        122536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::ethernet       107512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total       109240                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::ethernet       230021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_accesses::total         231776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::ethernet       230021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_accesses::total        231776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.847400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::ethernet     0.926185                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.927353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total      0.885083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.885083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 40296.296296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 44326.638590                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44325.590608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 71411.912037                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 67314.764602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67384.651978                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 70933.210256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55581.423264                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55712.759205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 70933.210256                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::ethernet 55581.423264                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55712.759205                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       354600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  43                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs  8246.511628                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.iocache.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.iocache.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.iocache.writebacks::writebacks          56769                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.writebacks::total               56769                       # number of writebacks
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::ethernet       103810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       103837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::ethernet        99576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       101304                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::ethernet       203386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total       205141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide         1755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::ethernet       203386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total       205141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide       749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   3317981227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3318730227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    102593792                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   5473281005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5575874797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103342792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8791262232                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8894605024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    103342792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet   8791262232                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8894605024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.847366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.847400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.926185                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.927353                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::ethernet     0.884206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.885083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 27740.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 31962.057865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31960.960226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 59371.407407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 54965.865319                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55041.013158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 58884.781766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43224.520036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43358.495006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 58884.781766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::ethernet 43224.520036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43358.495006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.iocache.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           27                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       110592                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           27                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
testsys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
testsys.l2.replacements                      27928664                       # number of replacements
testsys.l2.tagsinuse                      4055.100048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l2.total_refs                        62175388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.sampled_refs                      27932730                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.avg_refs                          2.225897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l2.warmup_cycle                  5024341650961                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          501.508145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.000101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.004096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    63.259542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    42.534690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   2706.753238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data    741.040234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l2.occ_percent::writebacks           0.122439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.015444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.010384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.660828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.180918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.occ_percent::total                0.990015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17872652                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4585437                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21378731                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     10544852                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_hits::total               54381672                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         9687232                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.Writeback_hits::total              9687232                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1003979                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total             1003979                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1788367                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              1788367                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17872652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4585437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21378731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     12333219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.demand_hits::total                56170039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     17872652                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4585437                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     21378731                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     12333219                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.overall_hits::total               56170039                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       342096                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178807                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19384274                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6140522                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_misses::total             26045699                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        47240                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total             47240                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      1936112                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            1936112                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       342096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178807                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19384274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8076634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.demand_misses::total              27981811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       342096                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       178807                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19384274                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8076634                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.overall_misses::total             27981811                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7731650908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3871007495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 428713402260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 154098453333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   594414513996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2325336725                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   2325336725                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57199256247                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  57199256247                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7731650908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3871007495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 428713402260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 211297709580                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_miss_latency::total    651613770243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   7731650908                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   3871007495                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 428713402260                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 211297709580                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   651613770243                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18214748                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4764244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40763005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     16685374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total           80427371                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9687232                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          9687232                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1051219                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1051219                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3724479                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          3724479                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18214748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4764244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40763005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20409853                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.demand_accesses::total            84151850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18214748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4764244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     40763005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     20409853                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.overall_accesses::total           84151850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.368018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.323841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044938                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.044938                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.519834                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.519834                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.395722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_miss_rate::total           0.332516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.395722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_miss_rate::total          0.332516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22600.822307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21649.082502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22116.557074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25095.334457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22821.983545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49223.893417                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49223.893417                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29543.361255                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29543.361255                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22600.822307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21649.082502                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22116.557074                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26161.605141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23287.047798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 22600.822307                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 21649.082502                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22116.557074                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26161.605141                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23287.047798                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l2.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l2.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l2.writebacks::writebacks             4088887                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.writebacks::total                  4088887                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total              3002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total               3002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         1622                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker         1380                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total              3002                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       340474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19384274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6140522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26042697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        47240                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        47240                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1936112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       1936112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       340474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19384274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8076634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total         27978809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       340474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     19384274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8076634                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total        27978809                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5877210739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2881037074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 318873384097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 120335819925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 447967451835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   2484927086                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2484927086                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46325248624                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46325248624                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5877210739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2881037074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 318873384097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166661068549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 494292700459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   5877210739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker   2881037074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 318873384097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 166661068549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 494292700459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  10543090370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  10543090370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  15719231380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  15719231380                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  26262321750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26262321750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.368018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.323804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044938                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044938                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.519834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.395722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.332480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.018692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.037241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.475536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.395722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17261.848890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16237.872894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16450.107138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19597.001676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17201.269586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52602.182176                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52602.182176                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23926.946697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23926.946697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17261.848890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16237.872894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16450.107138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20634.966070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17666.681254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 17261.848890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 16237.872894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16450.107138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20634.966070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17666.681254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l2.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.l3.replacements                        190472                       # number of replacements
testsys.l3.tagsinuse                     32384.615630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.l3.total_refs                        29812920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.sampled_refs                        222992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.avg_refs                        133.695020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.l3.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::writebacks        18265.320403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker        0.017988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker        0.049071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.inst              0.002062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::cpu.data              0.016025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker   445.147957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker   145.269535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   5496.495167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   8032.297423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.l3.occ_percent::writebacks           0.557413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker       0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.inst             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::cpu.data             0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.013585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.004433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.167740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.245126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.occ_percent::total                0.988300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       338111                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       176742                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19369255                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5987177                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_hits::total               25871285                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::writebacks         4088887                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.Writeback_hits::total              4088887                       # number of Writeback hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          485                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 485                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1750971                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total              1750971                       # number of ReadExReq hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       338111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       176742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19369255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      7738148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.demand_hits::total                27622256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       338111                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker       176742                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     19369255                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      7738148                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.overall_hits::total               27622256                       # number of overall hits
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          685                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15019                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       153345                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_misses::total               171412                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        73832                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_misses::total             73832                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       158064                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total             158064                       # number of ReadExReq misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       311409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.demand_misses::total                329476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          685                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15019                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       311409                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.overall_misses::total               329476                       # number of overall misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    219153095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     63665730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1404961747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9113407636                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    10801188208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1897108216                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total   1897108216                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14227649094                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  14227649094                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    219153095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     63665730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1404961747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23341056730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_miss_latency::total     25028837302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    219153095                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     63665730                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1404961747                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  23341056730                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_miss_latency::total    25028837302                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       340474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19384274                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6140522                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadReq_accesses::total           26042697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      4088887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.Writeback_accesses::total          4088887                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        74317                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           74317                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1909035                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total          1909035                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       340474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19384274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8049557                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.demand_accesses::total            27951732                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker       340474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker       177427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     19384274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8049557                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.overall_accesses::total           27951732                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.006582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993474                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.993474                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082798                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.082798                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_miss_rate::total           0.011787                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_miss_rate::total          0.011787                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92743.586543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92942.671533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93545.625341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59430.745287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63013.022472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25694.931954                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25694.931954                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 90011.951450                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90011.951450                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92743.586543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92942.671533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93545.625341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74953.057651                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75965.585663                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 92743.586543                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 92942.671533                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 93545.625341                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74953.057651                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75965.585663                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.l3.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.l3.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.l3.writebacks::writebacks              126323                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.writebacks::total                   126323                       # number of writebacks
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       153345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          171412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        73832                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        73832                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       158064                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        158064                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       311409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total           329476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker         2363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker          685                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        15019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       311409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total          329476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    186008117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54041616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1193144884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6954291055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8387485672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3736935546                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3736935546                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  11967840927                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11967840927                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    186008117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54041616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1193144884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18922131982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20355326599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    186008117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker     54041616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1193144884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18922131982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20355326599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data   9394911667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9394911667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  13999891539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13999891539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  23394803206                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  23394803206                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.993474                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993474                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038686                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011787                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.006940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.003861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038686                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78716.934829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78892.870073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79442.365271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45350.621507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48931.729821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50614.036542                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50614.036542                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 75715.159220                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75715.159220                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78716.934829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78892.870073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79442.365271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60762.957981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61780.908470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 78716.934829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 78892.870073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 79442.365271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60762.957981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61780.908470                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.l3.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.ethernet.txBytes                      2840148                       # Bytes Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxBytes                      1795168                       # Bytes Received
testsys.ethernet.txPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
testsys.ethernet.rxPackets                      25002                       # Number of Packets Received
testsys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                      0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                  5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                 25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
testsys.ethernet.descDMAReads                       0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                   0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
testsys.ethernet.totBandwidth                33000061                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.totPackets                     50004                       # Total Packets
testsys.ethernet.totBytes                     4635316                       # Total Bytes
testsys.ethernet.totPPS                         44499                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.txBandwidth                 20219777                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                 12780284                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
testsys.ethernet.txPPS                          22249                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.rxPPS                          22249                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
testsys.ethernet.postedSwi                          0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                       0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalSwi                           0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                       0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                    0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                        0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOk                         0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                      0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOk                          0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                       0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                    0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                        0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxOk                         0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                      0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxOk                          0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                       0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                    0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                        0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                       0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                    0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                        0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                        0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
testsys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                     0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                         0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
testsys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                     0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
testsys.ethernet.postedInterrupts               22113                       # number of posts to CPU
testsys.ethernet.droppedPackets                     0                       # number of packets dropped
testsys.cpu.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.cpu.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.cpu.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
testsys.cpu.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
testsys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
testsys.cpu.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
testsys.cpu.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
testsys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
testsys.cpu.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
testsys.cpu.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
testsys.cpu.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
testsys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
testsys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
testsys.cpu.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.cpu.icache.replacements              40763011                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               511.999995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.icache.total_refs               139513282                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.sampled_refs              40763523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_refs                  3.422503                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   511.999995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.occ_percent::total        1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139491861                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      139491861                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139491861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       139491861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    139491861                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      139491861                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44898694                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total     44898694                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44898694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total      44898694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst     44898694                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total     44898694                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 990439196436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 990439196436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 990439196436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total 990439196436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 990439196436                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total 990439196436                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    184390555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    184390555                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    184390555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    184390555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    184390555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    184390555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.243498                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.243498                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.243498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.243498                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22059.421070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22059.421070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22059.421070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22059.421070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 22059.421070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22059.421070                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       333795                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets              8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 41724.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4135678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      4135678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4135678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4135678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst      4135678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4135678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40763016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     40763016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40763016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total     40763016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst     40763016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total     40763016                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 775215835405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 775215835405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 775215835405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 775215835405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 775215835405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 775215835405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.221069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.221069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19017.627042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19017.627042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19017.627042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19017.627042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 19017.627042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19017.627042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements      4766603                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.995790                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.total_refs       4411795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.sampled_refs      4766619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.925561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.itb.walker    15.995790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4411316                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      4411316                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4411316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      4411316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4411316                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      4411316                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4767321                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total      4767321                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4767321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total      4767321                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4767321                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total      4767321                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  82545841338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  82545841338                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  82545841338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total  82545841338                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  82545841338                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total  82545841338                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9178637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9178637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9178637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total      9178637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      9178637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total      9178637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.519393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.519393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.519393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17314.932504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17314.932504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17314.932504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17314.932504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 17314.932504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17314.932504                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        40515                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        40515                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4767321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      4767321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4767321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4767321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.itb.walker      4767321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4767321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67954582606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  67954582606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67954582606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  67954582606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker  67954582606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  67954582606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.itb.walker     0.519393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.519393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14254.249421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14254.249421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14254.249421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14254.249421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.itb.walker 14254.249421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14254.249421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements     18218022                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tagsinuse      15.985933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.total_refs       5238438                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.sampled_refs     18218038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_refs        0.287541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.dtb.walker    15.985933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.999121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.occ_percent::total     0.999121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5238315                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total      5238315                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5238315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total      5238315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.dtb.walker      5238315                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total      5238315                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18228936                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total     18228936                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18228936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total     18228936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18228936                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total     18228936                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 295757936175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 295757936175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 295757936175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total 295757936175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 295757936175                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total 295757936175                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23467251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23467251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23467251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total     23467251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     23467251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total     23467251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.776782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.776782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.776782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16224.640658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16224.640658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16224.640658                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16224.640658                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 16224.640658                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16224.640658                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes            0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        23292                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        23292                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18228936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     18228936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18228936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18228936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     18228936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18228936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 240141884305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 240141884305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 240141884305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 240141884305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 240141884305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 240141884305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.dtb.walker     0.776782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.776782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13173.664349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13173.664349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13173.664349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13173.664349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.dtb.walker 13173.664349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13173.664349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.cpu.dcache.replacements              20370386                       # number of replacements
testsys.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               255.944111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
testsys.cpu.dcache.total_refs               278404046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs              20370642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 13.666925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
testsys.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   255.944111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.occ_percent::total        0.999782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    178991167                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      178991167                       # number of ReadReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     98216607                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      98216607                       # number of WriteReq hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    277207774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       277207774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    277207774                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      277207774                       # number of overall hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     25284639                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     25284639                       # number of ReadReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4811552                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4811552                       # number of WriteReq misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     30096191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      30096191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     30096191                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     30096191                       # number of overall misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 663584832873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 663584832873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 122629870215                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 122629870215                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 786214703088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 786214703088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 786214703088                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 786214703088                       # number of overall miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    204275806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    204275806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    103028159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    103028159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    307303965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    307303965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    307303965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    307303965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.123777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.123777                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046701                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.046701                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.097936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26244.584029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26244.584029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25486.551993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25486.551993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26123.395585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26123.395585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26123.395585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26123.395585                       # average overall miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
testsys.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      9623428                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          9623428                       # number of writebacks
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8589229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      8589229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        63089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        63089                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8652318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      8652318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8652318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      8652318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16695410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     16695410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4748463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4748463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21443873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     21443873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21443873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     21443873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 372164976373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 372164976373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 104808799033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 104808799033                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 476973775406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 476973775406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 476973775406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 476973775406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  11005538910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  11005538910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  16334238227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16334238227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data  27339777137                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  27339777137                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.081730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.046089                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046089                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.069781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22291.454740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22291.454740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22072.152407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22072.152407                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22242.893129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22242.893129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 22242.893129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22242.893129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::switch_cpus.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
testsys.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
testsys.switch_cpus.numCycles              3335557160                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
testsys.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.lookups       236910294                       # Number of BP lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condPredicted    236910294                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.condIncorrect     43276961                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBLookups    202400399                       # Number of BTB lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBHits       106256820                       # Number of BTB hits
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.usedRAS               0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
testsys.switch_cpus.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles   1478126827                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts            1087008120                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches          236910294                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    106256820                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            338486782                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles      161829892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles          87637114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     433751902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       839786                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2016317                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines        184390563                       # Number of cache lines fetched
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes     29994402                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes        1242377                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2457850166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.826648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.271319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0      2128167189     86.59%     86.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1        20437246      0.83%     87.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2        15076590      0.61%     88.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3        27047981      1.10%     89.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4        23530369      0.96%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        28437759      1.16%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6        20160975      0.82%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7        17170177      0.70%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8       177821880      7.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2457850166                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate         0.071026                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.fetch.rate               0.325885                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles      1542813492                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    479055673                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles        312285281                       # Number of cycles decode is running
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      6704338                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles     116991382                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts    1967887996                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts         1433                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles     116991382                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles      1565355217                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      164686489                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    264831109                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles        295195060                       # Number of cycles rename is running
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     50790909                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts    1884743032                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       764135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       8594751                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     33565781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.FullRegisterEvents       217584                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2046545475                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups   4689778392                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4689690012                       # Number of integer rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        88380                       # Number of floating rename lookups
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps   1205221216                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       841324248                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      6267320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      6308911                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
testsys.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts        155483460                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    266872195                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    164573777                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     17714253                       # Number of conflicting loads.
testsys.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15627932                       # Number of conflicting stores.
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded        1745452469                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      9050446                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued       1568726444                       # Number of instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      8689216                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    610944087                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    811118261                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved      3354003                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2457850166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.638251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.408862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1868618884     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    203349672      8.27%     84.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    127793303      5.20%     89.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     87205893      3.55%     93.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     71163872      2.90%     95.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     49951747      2.03%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     36793592      1.50%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     10788912      0.44%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2184291      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2457850166                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        4527429     41.39%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     41.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       4169304     38.11%     79.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      2242386     20.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     18745653      1.19%      1.19% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu   1162810511     74.12%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.32% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    241650864     15.40%     90.72% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    145519416      9.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total    1568726444                       # Type of FU issued
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.rate                  0.470304                       # Inst issue rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           10939119                       # FU busy when requested
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.006973                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5621811423                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2365883424                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1490478280                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        40465                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        23652                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        20159                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses    1560899674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses          20236                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     25543813                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    102284608                       # Number of loads squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       514852                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       485273                       # Number of memory ordering violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     61514707                       # Number of stores squashed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       205533                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles     116991382                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       93270717                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      2386770                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   1754502915                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     30333341                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    266872195                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    164573777                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      7952137                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       1186179                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        82549                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       485273                       # Number of memory order violations
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     14336664                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     34082493                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     48419157                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts   1521063603                       # Number of executed instructions
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    230081390                       # Number of load instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47662841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           369832078                       # number of memory reference insts executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches       159873288                       # Number of branches executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores         139750688                       # Number of stores executed
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate            0.456015                       # Inst execution rate
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent            1493454200                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count           1490498439                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        937374092                       # num instructions producing a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers       1445955401                       # num instructions consuming a value
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate              0.446851                       # insts written-back per cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout            0.648273                       # average fanout of values written-back
testsys.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    669354806                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5696443                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     43506647                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   2341765601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.463366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.419947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1987267987     84.86%     84.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    126838943      5.42%     90.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     57125496      2.44%     92.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     62486742      2.67%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     33139708      1.42%     96.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     14669458      0.63%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     11693606      0.50%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      7871697      0.34%     98.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     40671964      1.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   2341765601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    587044937                       # Number of instructions committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps    1085095510                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.refs             267646653                       # Number of memory references committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.loads            164587584                       # Number of loads committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.membars             579141                       # Number of memory barriers committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.branches         125577152                       # Number of branches committed
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts       1080516992                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls            0                       # Number of function calls committed.
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     40671964                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
testsys.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited               0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads          4054239114                       # The number of ROB reads
testsys.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes         3626369379                       # The number of ROB writes
testsys.switch_cpus.timesIdled               25941639                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
testsys.switch_cpus.idleCycles              877706994                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
testsys.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles            34667885                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts          587044937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedOps           1085095510                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    587044937                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi                      5.681945                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
testsys.switch_cpus.cpi_total                5.681945                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc                      0.175996                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
testsys.switch_cpus.ipc_total                0.175996                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads      2905209792                       # number of integer regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes     1600977833                       # number of integer regfile writes
testsys.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads            20159                       # number of floating regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads      717888576                       # number of misc regfile reads
testsys.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes       5345459                       # number of misc regfile writes
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         7304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::ethernet         2755232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker       944200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker        84000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst      2852760176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data       514510538                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_read::total         3371061450                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst   2852760176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total    2852760176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::pc.south_bridge.ide      3764224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::ethernet      3800212                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::cpu.data    358854132                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.bytes_written::total       366418568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::ethernet           107506                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker       118025                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker        10500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst        356595022                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data         81456073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_reads::total           438288039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::pc.south_bridge.ide        58816                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::ethernet          122507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::cpu.data        51751124                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.num_writes::total           51932447                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         6500                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::ethernet            2451905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker       840252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker        74752                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst         2538695817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data          457867353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_read::total            2999936578                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst    2538695817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_inst_read::total       2538695817                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::pc.south_bridge.ide      3349815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::ethernet           3381841                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::cpu.data         319347379                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_write::total            326079035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide      3356315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::ethernet           5833746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker       840252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker        74752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst        2538695817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data         777214731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.physmem.bw_total::total           3326015613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          919                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      3764224                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          919                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
drivesys.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
drivesys.ethernet.txBytes                     1795168                       # Bytes Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxBytes                     2840148                       # Bytes Received
drivesys.ethernet.txPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Transmitted
drivesys.ethernet.rxPackets                     25002                       # Number of Packets Received
drivesys.ethernet.txIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of tx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxIpChecksums                     0                       # Number of rx IP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txTcpChecksums                 5000                       # Number of tx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxTcpChecksums                25000                       # Number of rx TCP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.txUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of tx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.rxUdpChecksums                    0                       # Number of rx UDP Checksums done by device
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAReads                      0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDMAWrites                     0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes                  0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes                 0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
drivesys.ethernet.totBandwidth               33000061                       # Total Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.totPackets                    50004                       # Total Packets
drivesys.ethernet.totBytes                    4635316                       # Total Bytes
drivesys.ethernet.totPPS                        44499                       # Total Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txBandwidth                12780284                       # Transmit Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxBandwidth                20219777                       # Receive Bandwidth (bits/s)
drivesys.ethernet.txPPS                         22249                       # Packet Tranmission Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.rxPPS                         22249                       # Packet Reception Rate (packets/s)
drivesys.ethernet.postedSwi                         0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedSwi                      0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalSwi                          0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxIdle                      0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle                   0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxIdle                       0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOk                        0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOk                     0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOk                         0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxDesc                      0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc                   0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxDesc                       0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxOk                        0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxOk                     0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxOk                         0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxIdle                      0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle                   0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxIdle                       0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedTxDesc                      0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc                   0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalTxDesc                       0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.postedRxOrn                       0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn                    0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.totalRxOrn                        0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
drivesys.ethernet.coalescedTotal                    0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
drivesys.ethernet.postedInterrupts              21998                       # number of posts to CPU
drivesys.ethernet.droppedPackets                    0                       # number of packets dropped
drivesys.cpu.numCycles                     3374498046                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
drivesys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
drivesys.cpu.committedInsts                 269331156                       # Number of instructions committed
drivesys.cpu.committedOps                   514738568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
drivesys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses           513022453                       # Number of integer alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               115219                       # Number of float alu accesses
drivesys.cpu.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
drivesys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     36709173                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
drivesys.cpu.num_int_insts                  513022453                       # number of integer instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_insts                      115219                       # number of float instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_reads        1322970672                       # number of times the integer registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_int_register_writes        567644683                       # number of times the integer registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             265268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
drivesys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            115147                       # number of times the floating registers were written
drivesys.cpu.num_mem_refs                   133426807                       # number of memory refs
drivesys.cpu.num_load_insts                  81540581                       # Number of load instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_store_insts                 51886226                       # Number of store instructions
drivesys.cpu.num_idle_cycles             2772473199.744462                       # Number of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.num_busy_cycles             602024846.255538                       # Number of busy cycles
drivesys.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0.178404                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.idle_fraction                   0.821596                       # Percentage of idle cycles
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                          0                       # number of arm instructions executed
drivesys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
testsys.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
